From what I understand you can thank Gov. Cuomo for all these deaths in the nursing homes in NYC. It's just unconscionable.
Christina Cuomo writes a blog called Purist which toutes several "cures" for Coronavirus, yet the media twists Trump's words and calls him dangerous. Cristina Cuomo says she treated her coronavirus with Clorox baths, vitamin drips:…  
Please ask AG BARR to take Cuomo to task. He wasn't elected to Kill Americans, but to protect them. History will remember this always. 
Just a quiet Saturday night with Gov. Cuomo announcing $10.1 BILLION in spending cuts, including $8.2 BILLION TO LOCALITIES responsible for, oh, public schools, higher ed, public hospitals, fire, police, mass transit.  …
Federal aid could make some of the cuts less severe. But Cuomo will try to do the large majority of them anyway. It's his chance to be the austerity governor he has always wanted to be.
Andrew Cuomo plans to slash New York's budget by $10 BILLION. This is going to cripple counties across the state. Cuomo has pursued no revenue raisers to attempt to close even some of the shortfall. Austerity is here.
Here's a challenge. Listen to Cuomo read this incredible letter. And then think about the fact that given the state the sender lives in, there's a fair chance he's a Trump voter. Just maybe we have to find a way not to hate each other.  …
This has nothing to do with Trump and everything to do with Cuomo.
New: The Cuomo administration has announced $10.1 billion in spending cuts. Financial plan released as well:  
Crucial caller to my radio show exposed Cuomo’s war on nursing home residents on March 26  …
The more we learn about Cuomo’s decision the more appalling it is  …
Kim Jong Un will be replaced with Cuomo at the convention
Cuomo ordered Nursing Homes to accept Covid+on March 25, 2020 than issued Order granting immunity to everyone involved, including himself, on April 2, 2020...Cuomo a man for the people.
Cuomo administration scandal? N.Y. health officials denied request to transfer nursing home patients to emergency COVID facilities  …
#MitchMcConnell has bragged repeatedly about being a 'taker' - and I'm glad Andrew Cuomo called him out. 
This is one of my Favs.. a tribute to Gov Cuomo Randy Rainbow @RandyRainbow #spoonfullofclorox #randyrainbow Andrew Cuomo  …
New York policy is to return covid-19 patients back to their nursing homes. Sentencing the rest of the residents to death as well. Idiot Cuomo, much blood on his hands. Full stop.
Cuomo thinks the quarantine rules only apply to the peasants. In his mind, he's much too important to protect others.
Federal investigation into Cuomo. He’s the one who made this decision
Cuomo and DeBlasio were slow and at  in their response (see Wikipedia) in NYCity. As a result the Metro area is now a disaster. Cuomo has issued an executive order that mandated returning CoVid19 patients to nursing homes......yet he is a media superstar
Cuomo continues to protect New York's millionaires & billionaires from any wealth tax or ultra-millionaires tax. Because it's not like the federal government just gave them a huge, tucked-inside-pandemic-relief windfall. Oh wait ...  …
Let me be clear: stuff should get cut. There is bloat and waste in the state budget. Cuomo has economic development boondoggles and the MTA wastes money. But Cuomo is trying to cut far deeper, crippling school aid and social services
Cuomo orders postage-paid absentee ballot applications to be sent to all New York voters  …
Cuomo should be charged with murder!
Guaranteed that Cuomo will want $6B or more because of the coronavirus figures in NY. He’ll use that money to bridge the deficit that he created way before coronavirus was a thing.
So proud of the Cuomo brothers for working with the eloquent and deeply sincere President of the Navajo Nation to aid the Navajo People in the fight against Covid19. The time to show respect and support for our Native Tribes as National Treasures is way overdue. @NYGovCuomo
It’s devastating what our poor Seniors have been put through and they can’t even defend nor protect themselves! It’s unfuckingbelievabe and heart breaking! They are in my prayers along with their loved ones. Cuomo is a POS and needs to be brought to justice! Big time!
Of course it's a Cuomo administration scandal but MSM wil still blame Trump.
When Gov Cuomo’s own brother defies his orders, & gets called out for his bullshit by others in media, you know the jig is up. No coincidence that he just announced that deaths spiked Friday in NY as he signed an EO mandating mail in ballots for all NY’ers. Keep’n the scam alive
Publicity-seeking crooked Cuomo Worse than your younger brother Fredo "Roid Rage" Cuomo  …
If Biden drops out, which he should given the credible rape allegation against him, then Bernie should absolutely be the nominee, not Cuomo or whatever neoliberal loser you got up your sleeve. #BidenDropOut #BernieComeBack
All pharmacies in New York State will soon be authorized to conduct coronavirus tests, Gov. Andrew Cuomo announced on Saturday 
Never let a Crisis go without taking advantage of the confusion!?!? I find it repugnant that @NYGovCuomo & other Dem States who have pandered to Employee talking heads for Political reasons resulting in Bkrptcy of their State have the Balls to ask for a Federal Bailout of Failure
#TaraReade It's almost like Karma. Biden didn't earn the nomination anyway. Both Tara and the voters deserve justice! Worse, anticipating a Biden collapse Cuomo is kicking Sanders off the NY ballot to deprive him of delegate power at the convention after Biden's demise. 
It's almost like karma. In reality, Biden had the lead for the nomination handed to him. He didn't earn it! Now Cuomo is showing brinksmanship to deprive Sanders from winning any New York delegates which will  important for bartering purposes due to the Biden collapse. 
gov cuomo just created his own version of “fUck it’s a SUNDAY” 
These stories are incredibly disturbing. The feds provided material aid to NY to benefit all its citizens. And then NYS decides to pick and choose who gets it based on what they think is "their problem."
Cuomo getting ready for work... 
The evidence that Andrew  botched this entire crisis is mounting. Don’t expect to hear much of this in the lib media however. They’re too busy attacking Trump for cleaning up Cuomo’s failures.
CNN has no problem over-promoting Kavanaugh’s false accusers & stupid on-camera militia dawn raid of Stone, yet totally ignores Biden’s credible accuser & her own mother calling into CNN. Covid-contagious muscleman Chris Cuomo roaming the land. CNN proves 100% they are FakeNews
This is a memo requiring nursing homes to admit sick COVID patients. Is this really happening? @NYGovCuomo  …
‘Everyone is entitled to his own opinion, but not to his own facts.” _Daniel Patrick Moynihan_ @NYGovCuomo
Cuomo put those elderly people at risk and they died. His brother left his home during his quarantine with active corona and put people's lives in jeopardy in NY. Why are the Cuomo brother's trying to kill of New Yorkers?
Can we start fining people for@not wearing masks or social distancing? Central Park this 
Politicians - all of whom still have their jobs, healthcare, pensions, seem to enjoy nothing more than criticize those wanting their freedom and jobs back. Andrew Cuomo says if you want to work just get a 'essential' job. Why hadn't I thought of that? I'll just  a governor.
JUST IN: Cuomo to expand coronavirus testing in New York to 40,000 people daily  
These “supposed” celebs are sitting back in their mansions without a worry in the world. Their hairdressers, personal trainers  to their home or sneak them in somewhere like Andrew Cuomo @the gym. They need to shut up & quit doing fundraisers for WHO!
New Yorkers are OUT giving a big middle finger to the Cuomo/de Blasio gestapo #ReopenNY 
Hey @Walmart , just wondering if you plan on enforcing @NYGovCuomo executive order about masks in your stores?
@BearTranspotation @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor . dont drive to the store in Parkchester it may cost you $150 if Bear Transportation gets you. They are waiting to tow your car and then force you to pay on the 
Cuomo family's quack cures  …
Gov. Cuomo’s Health Department barred nursing homes from refusing to admit “medically stable” coronavirus patients. Nursing homes are FORCES to admit Covid-19 patients, this is spreading the virus to the super high risk and KILLING MORE PEOPLE! Does Cuomo own these Deaths?
This is what real American leadership looks like: New York Governor Andrew Cuomo : 
Trump gave Gov Cuomo and others the option of running their lockdown, many have responded and are moving forward with a plan, Cuomo is dumping on his state's nursing homes. 
Don’t forget hospitals built, Navy ship, personnel! NY was totally unprepared under Cuomo and DeBlasio! The federal government saved them and all they do is whine  Look how DeSantis handled nursing homes in Fla. vs. NY! Cuomo a disgrace!
But it is the federal government’s job to provide NY with all the tests and ventilators the governor thinks he needs.  …
It seems that Cristina, Chris Cuomo's wife agrees with Trump. She has the virus and is saying that part of the “Cuomos’ Corona Protocol” is adding half a cup of #Clorox bleach to their bath water. She claims  radiation and metals in her system and oxygenates it. 
Can you imagine if President Trump sent Corona-stricken seniors back to nursing homes like NY Gov King Cuomo did? We'd be clubbed in the head with it like baby seals No one questions the King on his deadly policy Instead it's "sunlight" mania and disinfectant derangement
. @RichAzzopardi You and . @NYGovCuomo has blood in your hand. You filthy and disgusting SOB.  …
Letter to Cuomo from a farmer in Kansas...with a read. 
NY Gov. Andrew Cuomo: "Mitch McConnell is a taker, not a giver. New York is a state of givers." 
I seriously wish this guy [Cuomo] got #corona and died. Despicable  …
Gov. Cuomo expands coronavirus testing criteria to include front line workers 
LRL:Levin spent segments of radio show yesterday picking apart Cuomo Executive Order requiring nursing homes accept COVID patients...caller from nursing home said executives screaming how dangerous this was&no 1 would listen.Cuomo literally signed EO that killed senior citizens.”
#LetNYDecide @NYGovCuomo @NYSBOE @JayJacobs28 @DNC @nydems Don't suppress the vote & alienate voters by cancelling NY's presidential primary! New York has a right to vote!
Getting worried about the person writing Cuomo’s slides 
Here's a local story about these kind and generous  …
The letter from the Kansas farmer to Cuomo is what decent Americans are thinking right now. This pandemic has exposed Trump, McConnell and the rest of being so morally unfit and incapable of rising to meet the times. There is a going to be a huge seat change in November.
Not the nursing homes , it is Cuomo refusing to let the homes send patients to the Navy Hospital ship
Any increase in NY declining death numbers will be a result of Cuomo's sending seniors afflicted w/Coronavirus back to nursing homes-hotbeds of the old & sick, the largest demographic that die from virus. Oh and Cuomo just admitted they have NO DATA on demos of new Corona cases.  …
Ha. "In England, Sky News makes sure to carry Cuomo live just about every time he goes on, even though the mega-channel has largely stopped airing briefings from President Donald Trump." #cuomobriefing
I’ll just leave this 
Cuomo’s jabs My coffee at his daughters blend lightly roasted 
Trump's daily routine Watch Fox news Blame CNN Use Twitter Blame Democrats Blame WHO Give press conference Blame Governors Watch Fox news again Tweets about his achievements Sleep Repeat
Not only is the letter beautiful. It is beautiful that @NYGovCuomo read it & shared it with the public. That's a leader! Meanwhile, Trump spends his time reading & then promoting hateful, deadly & unproven conspiracy theories - using them to score political points with his base.  …
Most important Social 
I will sign an Executive Order allowing independent pharmacists to conduct diagnostic Coronavirus tests. This will unlock a network of over 5,000 pharmacies as COVID-19 testing locations. Social distancing measures still apply. This will help us meet new lab capacity.
Trump: heat, light and some disinfectants kill COVID? Great, maybe we can see how this can inform treatment. Public: Trump is a murderer! Cristina Cuomo: heat, light and some disinfectants kill COVID- in fact I bathe in bleach. Public: Oooh how interesting!
Chris Cuomo's wife is pushing "Clorox Bleach Baths" on her wellness website  …
The only person we know of actually using Clorox to fight Coronavirus is...Chris Cuomo's wife, who said she adds it to her bath. "We're going to give it to you straight here" is a joke. This is all a joke.  …
What New Yorkers are doing is actually saving lives. It’s no exaggeration. I know the last weeks haven’t been easy — but the sacrifices New Yorkers are making are NOT in vain.
I am with you in solidarity, Anonymous Cuomo Daughter. 
NEW: Today we are conducting antibody testing for frontline healthcare workers at 4 NYC hospitals: -Bellevue Hospital -Elmhurst Hospital -Montefiore -SUNY Downstate Health Sciences Next week we will conduct antibody testing for MTA/transit workers, NYPD and State Police.
We are expanding our diagnostic testing criteria so that first responders, frontline healthcare workers and essential workers can all be tested. They are our heroes who are risking their health to get us through this crisis. They deserve priority for testing.
We have been through hell and it's not over yet. Yesterday we had ~1,100 people enter the hospital with COVID, which is more than we’d like but less than we have seen in 21 days. Our efforts are working. But we must keep it up if we want the curve to decline faster.
This is almost sounding like Cuomo wanted to rack up a higher death toll. Why wouldn't nursing home coronavirus patients have been sent to the Comfort??? Makes no sense .
Very troubling: @nypost reports @NYGovCuomo admin was explicitly warned about dire conditions in Cobble Hill nursing home, denied extra aid & 55 ppl have died. (meanwhile @NYCMayor admin also reportedly slow-walked  …
It gets worse. Cuomo refused nursing home requests to send the coronavirus patients to the USNS Comfort  …
You can see I tweeted this when Cuomo said it back on the 20th. No media pursued this death policy or dared to ask King Cuomo a critical question.  …
Biden drops. Cuomo runs. Is that the plan? ... With his better-looking media brother providing covering fire? #DropOutBiden
A retired Kansas farmer mailed a single N-95 mask to Gov. Cuomo, saying the couple hoped it could be used by a doctor or nurse. "It was just one little gesture. But maybe if you get enough of these little gestures, it will  out for the better."  …
Cuomo thinks he knows everything and he thinks he's better then our president. Good bye Cuomo
Cuomo also doubled down on his remark a day earlier that “it’s not our job” to provide nursing homes with personal protective equipment.” So when Trump says Fed Gov is a back up to the States. He gets blasted, but Cuomo gets a pass! He can provide body bags but not PPEs got it!
Cuomo trying to make nursing homes the fall guys for his deadly order. Propublica is the first Democrat Party-media site to give him cover. Others will follow. But he is directly responsible.  …
What’s UnAmerican is Cuomo giving press conferences while forcing ill prepared nursing homes to take in Corona patients resulting in countless deaths. Don’t worry about Cuomo’s political aspirations as his attorney general will blame the nursing homes for his criminal neglect.
As a healthcare professional watching Cuomo’s news conf,he stated LTC facilities & nursing homes MUST take back COVID19 patients! I was screaming & shouting NO,these people will surely die! NYPH,Cuomo are liable for these deaths & need to be charged!
Gov. Cuomo called McConnell’s suggestion that blue states go bankrupt ‘one of the really dumb ideas of all time’ 
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo has signed an executive order requiring the state's election board to send every registered voter an absentee ballot application for elections this summer.  …
Dear @realDonaldTrump Thank you from taking a step back from your daily briefings. We all believe Andrew Cuomo will ably fill in for you for the rest of this crisis. There are several other capable governors to take over the rest of your duties.
1. It took the New York Times over a month to report on the deadly decisions to send coronavirus patients to nursing homes and most of the rest of the media still ignore the catastrophe because, in part, of Cuomo’s role (and the president had no role).
Governor Cuomo says we are back where we were 21 days ago when  to hospitalizations and new cases, “21 days of hell,” but we’re back. Unfortunately 437 people died yesterday from #COVID19 in New York slightly up from the day before.
We are back to where we were 21 days ago, Cuomo says on hospitalizations.
Holding a briefing with updates on #Coronavirus. Watch  …
Mark another question is why does Cuomo get away effectively murdering cardiac patients with his DNR order to EMTs. They could have gone to the Comfort but Cuomo said let them die.
Cuomo didn’t want to use the USS COMFORT because that would make Trump look good. Cuomo lied, people died.
The  of Dem leadership is appalling. Cuomo has blood on his hands. Cuomo spiked the death rate in NY .....Cuomo is responsible for destroying NY livelihoods.
I will be giving my daily #Coronavirus briefing at 11:30AM ET. Watch 
The cyclist is a senior citizen who meant well & Cuomo menaced him. The Cuomo brothers were raised in a political family, their father was governor of New York. Chris's brother demonstrated a lot of arrogance during his Corona briefings: They both show entitlement.
Cuomo has no problem naming a bridge for his father and a law for his mother-the elderly in nursing homes lives are threatened by his elitism and arrogance and Fredo too What a horrible family @NYGovCuomo @ChrisCuomo
I’m abt to wash & straighten my hair for @amjoyshow tomorrow. Youhave noidea! How much work that isto then be preempted Not to mention the pain! Ya know I’m tender headed. So pray that Cuomo & President Lysol can let us have some intellectual discourse tomorrow, k?
#CuomoLies #CuomoForPresident The fix is obviously in on Cuomo's 'investigation' of nursing-home horrors  … via @nypost
LA GIRLZ: we will not act our age Rivers Cuomo: LA GIRLZ PLEASE ACT YOUR AGE LA GIRLZ: okay rivers cuomo of weezer
Nursing homes are profiting from covid patients. Don't let @NYGovCuomo fool you. It's all a cover-up to their greed.
NY Healthcare Executive: “Cuomo has blood on his hands. He really does. There’s no way to sugarcoat this” -  … #CoronaUpdate #CoronavirusNewYork
More on Cuomo’s deadly orders  …
1. Leftwing Propublica covers up for Cuomo and other politicians by ignoring their killer mandates to send coronavirus patients into nursing homes that were never qualified or capable of accepting these patients into these extremely vulnerable elderly populations.
Cuomo with grandmas be like: 
Andrew Cuomo ordered nursing homes to take coronavirus patients resulting in widespread death  …
Cuomo orders postage-paid absentee ballot applications to be sent to all New York voters  
NY Gov. Andrew Cuomo: "Mitch McConnell is a taker, not a giver. New York is a state of givers." 
Between Trump telling people to drink Bleach and @senatemajldr attempting to fight with @NYGovCuomo and telling states they should go bankrupt is showing ignorance of the party
Hysterical - Watch Tucker Carlson Analyze Chris Cuomo:  …
Still nothing Unemployment!! @NYSLabor @NYGovCuomo
Chris Cuomo is a embarrassment
NY Gov. Andrew Cuomo blasts McConnell: "A bailout to the blue states. Again, the most un-American, uncharitable, ugly statement of all times." 
Gm going on week 7 . Unemployment has done nothing on my claim . Migraine again because of this stress head is pounding @NYSLabor @NYGovCuomo .I dont even know what to do ? Documents uploaded and mail and still at a stand still . Need help asap. Anything $Nadine926 cash app .
Cuomo has1,000's of elders blood on his hands...
A letter to Governor Cuomo from a farmer in NE Kansas, himself aged and with a seriously ill wife. Tragic as the deaths are for families, and difficult as are the hardships for millions of people, #Covid_19 is also bringing out the best in 
#MitchMcConnellWelfareQueen doesn’t want any issues with Cuomo. 
Lesson in how bad US MSM is: have you heard the story about Trump telling people to inject bleach? Yes? It’s absolute bollocks. However have you heard this story about Cuomo? You haven’t became the Dems are so worried about #BeijingBiden that they may substitute him for Cuomo  …
"Cyclist who confronted Chris Cuomo speaks out: He was like a boiling pot" via FOX NEWS  Long Island resident David Whelan says he was verbally attacked by Chris Cuomo when he challenged the CNN anchor for breaking coronavirus quarantine. 
Retired N.E Kansas farmer wrote a letter to Gov. Andrew Cuomo;enclosed him one N95 Mask so that the gov could pass it to a nurse/doctor in New York.Despite having a sick wife Humans are full of goodness but politicking about nearly everything spoils and fuels evil 
Cuomo orders postage-paid absentee ballot applications to be sent to all New York voters  
‘HUMANITY AT ITS BEST’ A retired Kansas farmer sent New York Governor Andrew Cuomo one N-95 mask to give to a 'doctor or nurse' in New York.(Facebook/Andrew Cuomo) 
Gov. Cuomo has shown extraordinary leadership. Thank you so much Governor Cuomo.  …
me, a 2020 senior, waiting for cuomo to inevitably close nys schools for good next week 
Trump could never show up Cuomo. Cuomo's a man, Trump's a child.
"You don't want this to be the last decision you ever make," warns Dr. Jose Luis Ocampo about the use of alternative remedies, adding: "Always consult with a medical 
Can you ask your colleague about this?  …
President Nez: We have a treaty relationship with the federal government. Tribal Nations have contributed greatly to this country. Yet as the first citizens we are at the bottom of the list when  to federal aid. Cuomo: Why is that the best we can do? #Navajo  …
The plot thickens. Imagine Tapper, Cuomo, Cooper, and Seltser’s fat ass if this was claimed to be Christine Blasey Ford’s mother speaking to Larry King.  …
The fake media will not tell you this but The only person talking about Clorox is Cuomo’s wife who says she treated her coronavirus with Clorox baths.. Will CNN’s Cuomo & Anderson Cooper cover this? Nope #TrumpIsNotADoctor #Clorox #ChickenDonald  … v
YOU SON OF A MITCH! Cuomo: ‘I dare you’ to let states declare coronavirus bankruptcy in scathing new attack on GOP  
#ChrisCuomo, #CNNISFAKENEWS No doubt this entire "Chris Cuomo has Coronavirus" is just another CNN FRAUD,a bullshit SCAM put on by FREDO and the Corrupt News Network that employs him, just to boost his/their sagging ratings. John Gotti had more ethics than this narcissistic SLUG.
Cuomo: "“By banning gestational surrogacy, we are saying to the  and those who struggle with infertility: You can’t have a child in your own state.” Yes he really said that. This just reduces women to mere wombs for hire. Vulnerable and poor open to exploitation.  …
The New York Post editorial board presses the state on a baffling decision: why the health czar "insisted on sending coronavirus-positive patients to nursing homes, when it’s been clear from the start that the elderly are most at risk from the 
We can’t have a bailout of Democrat blue states for what they’ve been doing for the debts they’ve been accruing for the last 20 or 30 years., that cannot be allowed to happen.  …
ALERT!!!!! ALERT!!!!!! CUOMO PRIME TIME IS ACTUALLY ON TONIGHT. FOR 2 HOURS. 
Cuomo orders postage-paid absentee ballot applications to be sent to all New York voters  
UV light therapy to clean blood of 
Chris Cuomo and his skit writers at CNN owe this man an apology.  …
Cuomo is gold! “It’s not about ME. It’s about WE. “ “Nothing equals death” “Economic hardship, very bad, but not death” Nothing is more dangerous that putting your own family at risk. 
NY Gov. Andrew Cuomo blasts McConnell: "A bailout to the blue states. Again, the most un-American, uncharitable, ugly statement of all times." 
Cuomo made mince meat out of #MoscowMitch 
Hilarious report on Fox news tonight about the jerky Chris Cuomo lecturing us on staying home, masks, etc Until 1 of his neighbors spotted Cuomo out on his bike, NO MASK, riding close to others, etc. When the guy confronts him,Cuomo threaten phys..violence! Total hypocrite.
Hey @NYGovCuomo @NYSLabor according to your website I have to call you to finalize my unemployment claim... can you get somebody to answer the phone or at least call me back, put me on a list or something I know I'm not the only one but I can't even get an answer #NYS 
It's unfortunate the noisy Trump cult members suck up the air, but people care, and people are grateful. The letter Cuomo got, along with the single N-95 mask from a farmer in Kansas, for a New York doctor or nurse. It had me crying all day. #Maddow
Tucker Carlson absolutely shreds hypocrite, faux-tough guy @ChrisCuomo. After demanding you stay home -- and insulting those who don't -- CNN's Cuomo decided to go out (after testing positive for the coronavirus). He ended up bullying a cyclist. 
caleb so chris cuomo left coronavirus quarantine ? why ? is that not criminal? thank you for this news will update coronavirus outbreak map .com
Tucker Carlson talks with the bicyclist who confronted CNN's @ChrisCuomo for leaving his house while he had Coronavirus. He says Cuomo threatened him saying "you will meet me again over this" 
While he was infected with coronavirus, CNN's Chris Cuomo left his home and got into a fight with a cyclist who called him out for leaving quarantine. Cuomo then released an entire segment saying he never left quarantine. Tucker Carlson just had the cyclist on his show: 
Looks like #ChrisCuomo's wife is a bit of a nutjob... Don't bathe in bleach.  …
Soap is the . It literally destroys viruses. Everybody wash your hands for #20SecondsOrMore. #NewYorkTough 
I must say, amid the suffering and sadness, seeing Cuomo drag Mitch McConnell and expose him as immoral, thoughtless, and his ideas “dumb” has to be one of the highlights of the year.
DRACONIAN MEASURES BY GOVERNORS RAIMONDO, CUOMO AND DESANTIS ARE UNCONSTITUTIONAL Perpetuating Autocratic Stigma of Italian Americans - Forcing quarantine on visitors to Rhode Island By Dr. Christopher Binetti  
The fix is obviously in on Cuomo's 'investigation' of nursing-home horrors  … via @nypost
Cuomo: President Trump Was Right To Criticize WHO’s Response To China’s Coronavirus Outbreak  … 
Gov Cuomo: Mitch McConnell is a taker not a giver. NY is the number one state in giving to the Fed pot. Kentucky is the number 3 state in taking money from the federal pot. Pass a law Sen, have the Pres sign it allowing states to go bankrupt. And watch how the market takes off.
#OpenAmerica @NYGovCuomo @GovNedLamont Apparently your numbers are WRONG! The governors are the virus! We need to get rid  …
Meanwhile, NY Governor Cuomo's No-Gatherings order still in effect. #CoronaVirusNY
Just  …
Andrew Cuomo fact-checks Mitch McConnell: Kentucky gets more federal help than blue states  …
No New Yorker should have to choose between their health and their right to vote. I am issuing an Executive Order mandating that the State Board of Elections automatically mail all registered voters postage-paid applications for an absentee ballot.
BREAKING: @ChrisCuomo's wife added bleach to her baths after being tested positive for coronavirus. (Not Satire)  …
#MitchBetterHaveMyMoney I didn't think it was possible to hate Mitch McConnell more than I already do, but forcing me to praise Cuomo two days in a row? That's too much, man.
Oh fuck, man. This is gold. #MitchBetterHaveMyMoney
Well here's some fantastic news! Our colleagues in Topeka have tracked down Dennis, the Kansas farmer who got a shout out from Governor Cuomo today. We'll have that for you as soon as we can turn it around. Good job, @KSNTNews! #WorkingForYou
"I dare you": New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo challenged Mitch McConnell to follow through on his desire to let states declare bankruptcy — and then deal with the consequences.  
@senatemajldr Where has the money gone? Doesn’t seem that it actually goes to help the people of Kentucky? Kentucky & the rest of the USA demand better leadership! 
Epic. #AmyMcGrathForSenate 
You got to let us out Cuomo these mofo trying to sell me shots of liquor 
Retired Farmer with Ailing Wife Sends Extra Face Mask to New York, Gov. Cuomo Says: 'Humanity at Its Best' 
Trump wonders if injecting bleach kills coronavirus, but Cristina Cuomo bathes in it  …
Cuomo says Trump 'right to ask the question' about World Health Organization  #FoxNews
Listen to Gov. Cuomo read this inspiring letter from a retired farmer in Kansas who donated an N95 mask to a doctor or nurse in NYC despite his wife having one lung and diabetes 
Coronavirus can live up to 72 hours on bus and subway surfaces, Cuomo says  
Please make the #mitchbetterhavemymoney hashtag blow up
I love watching Andrew Cuomo destroy Mitch McConnell. Thank you, @NYGovCuomo 
What does he mean NY gave. Federal and state taxes are 2 different things. Sounds like a weak excuse for someone that can’t manage their own state. I bet less than 5 percent went back in for infrastructure.
Can we all claim Kentucky as a dependent on our taxes?
#MoscowMitchMcTreason needs to stay his lane.  
Trump is a fake 
NY has given $116 billion more to the federal government than we received since 2015. Kentucky *took* $148 billion more from the federal government than it gave. Just give NY our money back, Senator 
Unfortunately, many victims who are isolated with their abuser may not be able to safely call the DV hotline out of risk of being overheard. We want you to know: You are not alone and you are not trapped because of COVID. We will help you get safe shelter. Text 844-997-2121.
Amid an uptick in domestic violence incidents, NYS just launched a new 24/7 texting program & confidential online service. Abuse victims are often closely surveilled by their abuser, making these tools needed. Text 844-997-2121 or visit  if you need help.
2/2 If you add those high carriers to the pool, then even a higher portion of NY will be seen as immune. This means the ICU rate is EVEN LOWER than the 0.31%. Basically, Cuomo takes a data point that is on the side of more opening and he thinks it proves to contine being closed. 
1/2 Cuomo shutdown NY assuming a +3% ICU rate. Antibodies tests show many more people had Corona so this means the ICU rate is maybe 0.31%; a fraction of what Cuomp assumed. Cuomo says those tests are inaccurate because it doesn’t include children/essential workers. But...
This one got me 
Antibodies show 13.9% NY is immune. If the tests had children and essential workers (both higher carriers as Cuomo says it needs) then an even higher % NY is immune (and ICU rates are even lower than what the tests suggest)! Cuomo thinks the “inaccurate” runs the orher way. 
Cuomo just shared the letter he got from the farmer in Kansas. I'm not crying, you're crying.... 
JUST IN: Cuomo orders postage-paid absentee ballot applications to be sent to all New York voters  
Yep. Maybe red states should just stop counting NY money and fend for themselves. Let's see how “smart”, “robust”, “productive”, “inventive” they can be without monetary injections from “blue” states. It’s about time to introduce their preach in practice.
Cuomo dares McConnell to pass a bill to let states declare bankruptcy. 
These are the people we are all sacrificing for. I am staying home for others like them.
We need your help. NYS is one of the most populated states in the union. Help us get #CongressPassUBI if every citizen in NYS received a monthly check that’s a direct capital injection into the citizens of our state... of every state. Think of the secondary effects.
Bless them both dearly Such beauty in 
Thank you for sharing Governor. Thanks to this kind farmer.
NY Gov. Cuomo reads a letter he received from a retired farmer in Kansas who sent him an N95 mask with a request to give it to a nurse or doctor: "You want to talk about a snapshot of humanity ... How beautiful is that?" 
America New York and NYC (tears in eyes)
#FridayVibes Dissolved into tears when Cuomo told the farmer story. Trump, or some other politician for that matter, could've told the same story, wouldn't have had the same effect. It's not the  out of their mouths that matters, it's  out of their hearts 
"It's that love, that courage, that generosity of spirit that makes this country so beautiful." New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo reads a letter from a farmer in Kansas who sent him an extra N95 mask he didn't need for a doctor or nurse who did.  
Cuomo to Mitch McConnell: "Yes, NY had more coronavirus cases than Kentucky. You know why? The flights from Europe land in New York. The flights were not landing in Kentucky."
A Kansas farmer sent one N95 mask to Gov. Cuomo to help healthcare workers — even though his wife has one lung and diabetes. "How selfless is that? How giving is that?" Cuomo said today. 
I've run the numbers. This is a bonafide TRIPLE DARE! Cuomo is the kind of Democrat the Democrats need right now. 
JUST IN: Cuomo to sign executive order sending absentee ballot applications to all registered NY voters  
It’s refreshing to see selflessness is still an American value among real Americans. #maskchallenge
#PalumboPIG students: New from Governor Cuomo, all registered voters in NY will receive an absentee ballot application for the June 23 primary/special election. Note, this is just an application, folks still need to fill it out and send it in(free) to receive an actual ballot. 
I received this letter from a farmer in northeast Kansas. His wife is ill and he is aging. He sent me 1 of 5 N95 masks he has from farming to pass on to a doctor or nurse in New York. This is humanity at its best. I share his letter as 
During his daily briefing, New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said he received a letter from a retired Kansas farmer, enclosed with one N95 mask. The farmer asked Cuomo to give it to a New York health care worker on the frontlines of the coronavirus pandemic.  
Gov. Cuomo: "Pass a law allowing states to declare bankruptcy. I dare you. And let the president sign that bill ... It's your suggestion, Sen. McConnell. I dare you ... You want to send a signal to the markets that this nation is in real trouble? ... I dare you to do that."
I am LOVING Governor Cuomo's fiery indignation at Mitch McConnell's utter hypocrisy on bailouts. "You're bailing US out? Just give me my money back, Senator!" 
Meanwhile in Albany, President Cuomo just eviscerated and emasculated #MoscowMitch on national television.
Trump screws it up every night & Gov Cuomo fixes it in the morning. #25thAmendment
Andrew Cuomo is right person to keep Trump like child quiet. Andrew Cuomo is scolding Donald Trump directly
Cuomo slams McConnell's talk of "blue state bailouts," pointing out that New York contributes much more to federal funding than Kentucky: "You are not bailing out New York. New York has bailed you out. Every year, it's bailed you out. Mitch McConnell is a taker, not a giver." 
Acting President Cuomo rips Mitch McConnell a new one: "You bail Us out???? We've been bailing YOU out, year after year!". "NY is the #1 donor state to the government. Kentucky is the #3 state in TAKING from the government." "Just give us our money back!" @senatemajldr
Cuomo is crushing McConnell in his press briefing. Fuckin A! #FridayMotivation 
Who gets told to “go bankrupt”: -“Blue” states -The firefighters, police, schools and healthcare workers that we fund Who doesn’t get told to “go bankrupt”: -Large corporations  -Chain restaurants -Airlines
"A farmer in northeast Kansas," @NYGovCuomo says, reading letter his office received. "His wife has one lung and diabetes. He has five masks. He sends one mask to New York for a doctor or a nurse, keeps four masks. You want to talk about a snapshot of humanity..." 
Cuomo announcing every voter in NYS will automatically get a postage paid application for an absentee ballot.
CUOMO - A heart wrenching anecdote about the selflessness of Americans, symbolized by a single solitary donated mask. TRUMP - Drink Lysol. #25theAmendmentNow
Cuomo talks about people rising or disappointing in a time of crisis. Reads letter from a farmer in Kansas in his 70s whose wife has one lung and diabetes. His family had 5 N95 masks, and sent 1 to Cuomo to give to a nurse. Tears rolling down my face. God bless America
BREAKING: Gov. Andrew Cuomo announces that every New York voter will *automatically* receive a postage-paid application for an absentee ballot! It's not hard. Every state should be taking action NOW to ensure that Americans can vote during the pandemic.
Bruh! If I didn’t respect Gov Cuomo before I damn well do now. Home boy told Sen McConnell.... I dare you to pass a law allowing a state to declare bankruptcy. 
Governor Cuomo announced that he issued an Executive Order today to ensure every New Yorker AUTOMATICALLY receives a postage-paid application for absentee ballots. Because he says we shouldn't HAVE to risk our lives to vote. AMEN.
New York State governor Andrew Cuomo as Timbs, a thread: 
These graphics from Gov. Cuomo on how the virus spread in NY: 
For all we know it's only halftime. How fast the infection goes down depends on what we do now. If we rush back to business as usual the virus will spike fast and furious. We have to be smart.
Cuomo dares politicians like Mitch McConnell to pass a bill allowing states to declare bankruptcy, if they want to send an international message that the United States is in turmoil.
In #votingrights news: NY Gov. Andrew Cuomo just announced he is signing an executive order to make sure every New Yorker automatically receives a postage-paid application to receive a ballot.
Cuomo calls McConnell's idea of states filing bankruptcy is a "really dumb idea." Cuomo dares McConnell to pass a federal law allowing states to declare bankruptcy and have Trump sign it. Want to send a signal to the markets that the nation is in real trouble? Dares him to do so
Cuomo is doing some major owning of Trump. Goes through a timeline of Trump's actions. Shows the virus was already in NYC before he knew about it - and it came from Europe, not China. And Trump did nothing for months. 
@NYGovCuomo is functioning as President for the nation right now. Never in US History have we had such a tragedy like Coronavirus that the public has looked to a Governor instead of the President for correct  & inspiration. Thank you so much! #AndrewCuomo
Cuomo reports 422 coronavirus deaths in the past 24 hours — the third consecutive day of a declining death toll in New York  
Gov Cuomo again reporting hospitalizations, intubations are down. "All evidence suggests" we have gotten past the apex. #coronavirus
Holding a briefing with updates on #Coronavirus. Watch  …
Episode 2 of The New Abnormal is out with bonus nightmare fuel! Andrew Cuomo Versus Mitch Antoinette and the Goldfish Brain  … via @thedailybeast
Cristina Cuomo treated her coronavirus with Clorox baths, vitamin drips. "We want to neutralize heavy metals because they slow-up the electromagnetic frequency of our cells, which is our energy field, and we need a good flow of energy."  … via @YahooEnt
@etnow #ChrisCuomo Cuomo fraud, why does ET have Chris Cuomo on when he has proved to be dishonest? He had actually been out and about prior to his  out of the basement" scam. He loses creditability not only as a reporter, but as a man.
Cuomo says nursing homes have always been "our top priority." But when the head of Cobble Hill Health Center told the state he couldn't care for sick patients, his request for transfers was denied. Now the facility has the most COVID deaths in New York.  …
I will be giving my daily #Coronavirus briefing at 11:30AM ET. Watch 
The only reason states and cities don't want to declare bankruptcy is because all of their financials  court and public record (down to the individual cent) and each official will have to testify to their accuracy, under oath. So now you know why @NYGovCuomo is against it
How Trump manages pandemic, per richly detailed @katierogers & @anniekarni piece: -Watches TV 5 am til noon, including Cuomo briefing -Pores over newspaper stories, chats with aides, governors -Holds his own briefing -Consumes coverage of his performance  …
Double standard. Why didn’t you help nursing homes from the 
Cuomo & DeBlasio are responsible for far more than this. MSM claims @POTUS has blood in his hands because he didn’t act sooner, whatever that means. Then NY deaths are because those clowns said “it’s not our first rodeo” & refused to shut down NY in Feb & told people to go out.
Following McConnell’s logic, should Americans refuse to bail out red states for asinine political decisions that are likely to increase health-care costs and deaths? WE wouldn't dream of it but these states need to think  of their  …
The worst governor in America, Andrew Cuomo  …
#CuomoForPresident FORGET BIDEN CUOMO FOR PRESIDENT!!!!!!! .... 
Why was/is New York putting elderly who tested positive for coronavirus back into nursing homes and infecting the nursing homes @NYGovCuomo @deblasio  …
Good morning pissed off New Yorkers! Daily reminder that we pay the highest taxes in the country and have nothing to show for it because @NYGovCuomo and his friends have squandered everything! Waiting on Cuomo's announcement to fund the WHO with NY tax dollars!
I wonder if Cuomo is going to shred Trump today on his use of disinfectants and UV light against COVID-19. I fucking hope so. #DisinfectantDonald
Logically that wasn’t a misstep. Cuomo knew that would be a death sentence. They knew to let out prisoners because of the danger. This is only to contribute socialist views of thinning at that end of the herd. They are burdens on the New York State health care. Shameful
"I don't believe you need 40,000 or 30,000 ventilators. You know, you go to major hospitals, sometimes they have 2 ventilators." -- Trump suggests Cuomo is exaggerating about the medical gear he needs to keep people alive  05 #VoteBlueNoMatterWho
New York is not in $140 Billion debt because of Covid-19. It is in massive debt because of Gov Cuomo. Now he is using this crisis, and the bodies of the dead to get a bailout!
Remember when a month ago Cuomo was expecting 1 million cases; 130K beds and 30K ICUs in a matter of weeks despite mitigation? Ya. 10 days BEFORE that I explained how this assumption is way off. Read it and pull your hair out. Could have saved 40 million jobs and many lives.  …
Fmr. US Labor Sec. Robert Reich: “Blue states, actually in terms of how much tax revenue they send to Washington, send much more than red states…So if anybody is going to be talking about subsidizing anybody … it is obviously blue states to red states.” 
"Domestic violence on the increase. Very bad. Not death." - Governor Cuomo dismisses concerns that coronavirus-based shutdowns are leading to more child abuse and domestic abuse.
Hey @NYGovCuomo - if it's not NY's responsibility to provide PPE to nursing homes, then why is it the responsibility of the U.S. to provide PPE to NY? @realDonaldTrump
Bombshell: NY Gov. Cuomo was FORCING NURSING HOMES TO TAKE IN COVID-19 POSITIVE INDIVIDUALS
‘How can the cure be worse than the illness if the illness is potential death?’ — NY Gov. Cuomo shut down a reporter who challenged ‘stay-at-home’ orders 
#NewYorkTough Outside my window tonight. Thank you Governor Cuomo! 
BRAVO Governor Cuomo re: Leader McConnell's refusal to bailout blue states: "These states lost 1K's of people (to #COVID19), it's not red or blue....this corrosive partisanship has to STOP. If it doesn't stop from #coronavirus it will NEVER 
Gov. Cuomo: "To say that reimbursing states for coronavirus costs is a bailout of the blue states, these are states that lost thousands of people, it's not red or blue. Is there ever a moment in this country, in Washington, when these guys are going to stop playing politics?" 
So while the rest of us are demonized by CNN for even mentioning Zinc, Vitamin B, Vitamin C and Quinine. The Cuomo’s were on a full regimen. Check out Chris Cuomo’s wife’s blog. 
Corona Politics New York and Maharashtra have seen by far the worst of COVID-19 deaths and cases in their respective countries (US and India) Yet, Uddhav. T (CM of MH) and A. Cuomo (Governor of NY) are the most praised darlings of left-lib media in both countries
Game changer... if filtered and done in increments could potentially kill virus and bacteria. @MASTprogram @BioscienceAytu @realDonaldTrump @Mike_Pence @NYGovCuomo @elonmusk @JoeBiden @BarackObama
New: Gov. Cuomo says preliminary results of large NY hydroxychloroquine study showed it "didn't really have much of an effect on the recovery rate"; lead researcher says "no statistically significant difference" between patients who took it and didn't:  …
Okay, Trumpers, you win, Cuomo's wife shouldn't be president either.
Is @NYGovCuomo - getting so much praise unlike Trump - gov cried & got everything from Trump & above, & made a directive to send COVID patients into nursing homes which killed so many elderly-didn't even know about the directive towards the most vulnerable in NY-media silent
The subways are still running in New York. And, just one decision by Gov. Cuomo—to return seniors who tested positive for COVID-19 back to their nursing homes—accounts for 25% of the all New York Coronavirus deaths. So, NO, the other 49 states should NOT bail out New York
Apparently he hasn't been watching the Cuomo Daily Coronavirus therapy rant.  …
“Take two shots of windex, eat this lightbulb, and call me in the morning” — Chris Cuomo about Trump talking about injection of “light” and “disinfectants.” LOL 
Cuomo has been so  He has never managed mitigation,virus continues to spread.Never-provided support to all patient care facilities,Now he wants to blame nursing homes.- a lot to late Andy. How many died because of his 
Preliminary results of the first large-scale study of hydroxychloroquine suggest that the drug "didn't really have much of an effect on the recovery rate," New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo says  
How many Cuomosexuals out there? I am bi-Cuomo, I have always loved @ChrisCuomo and now @NYGovCuomo for president
Daily reminder than CNN's Chris Cuomo faked emerging from his "corona basement" having already been out in public a week earlier, and the media pretended like it never happened.
The Corning Tower in Albany tonight. 
Cuomo calls McConnell suggestion that states declare bankruptcy 'dumb' | Just The News  …
Meanwhile Chris Cuomo takes a bath with bleach. On his wife’s advice.  …
Georgia Gov. Brian Kemp claims to be worth $5.2 million. New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo's net worth is roughly the same.  …
here are my favorite parts from cristina cuomo’s super relatable, informative, and accessible anti-coronavirus routine 
Aren’t you tired of arrogant wealthy governors, eg @NYGovCuomo, sneering at people who want to go back to work? He is NOT hurting financially. But many New Yorkers are. Plus, he is being paid by taxpayers. #maga
Opinion: Andrew Cuomo unloaded on Mitch McConnell. He could have been much harsher. 
How much debt does Cuomo New York State have? Only 72 billion. How much debt does Newsome California have? 87 billion.
1 in every 5 New York City residents tested positive for antibodies to the coronavirus, according to preliminary test results described by Gov. Cuomo on Thursday, suggesting the virus had spread far more widely than known 
Governors assailed Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's suggestion that state and local governments should pursue bankruptcy rather than ask for more federal assistance — an approach Andrew Cuomo called "one of the really dumb ideas of all time"  
Andrew Cuomo taking #MitchMcConnell to 
Chris Cuomo’s wife: I put bleach in my bath water. Trump: Hold my beer.
..... we are waiting for the facts! All you have said is LIES! Selfish dirtbag! @NYGovCuomo Same goes for you POS  …
Wait, so hear me out: New York Governor Andrew Cuomo for President / Atlanta Mayor Kiesha Lance Bottoms Vice President 2024... 
‘How irresponsible and how reckless’ — NY Gov. Cuomo went off on Mitch McConnell’s ‘blue state  
Breaking this down for population: New York GIVES the federal government ~$13,800 per resident. Kentucky RECEIVES from the federal government ~$33,000 per resident.
WATCH: Cuomo criticizes McConnell’s remarks on state virus aid: “NY puts in to that federal pot $116B more than we take out ... KY takes out $148B more than they put in. Sen. McConnell, who's getting bailed out here? It's your state that is living on the money that we generate” 
Turns out the single biggest misstep in this crisis was made by Andrew Cuomo's administration, sending coronavirus patients into nursing homes that didn't have protective equipment, leading to 3500 dead. Cuomo blaming them is also a huge misstep:  …
Check to see if Deripaska’s [Putin’s] aluminum plant in Kentucky got a U.S. taxpayer funded 
Cuomo said “ YOU WANNA BE OUTSIDE SO BAD GO BE AN ESSENTIAL WORKER THEY HIRING “
Cuomo closed NY assuming that 1 million cases at Apex will lead to 130K in the hospital + 30K ICUs all at once. Actual ICUs were way less; Cuomo credits mitigation. However NY already had 2.7 million cases. In Cuomo math that’s 351,000 hospitalizations + 81,000 ICUs all at once. 
Gov. Cuomo calls Sen. McConnell's  'one of the dumbest ideas of all time' 
Fox News host Laura Ingraham has once  under fire after she and guest Raymond Arroyo joked about CNN hosts Chris Cuomo and Brooke Baldwin publicly chronicling their struggles with the coronavirus, likening the coverage to a reality TV show.  …
F**K I love Cuomo! That’s a pretty effective take down. 
This was dumb 
You want to hear a dumb 
Chris Cuomo's teen son now has COVID-19: 'The virus worked through the family'  …
Gov. Cuomo blasts Sen. Mitch McConnell for  about “stopping blue state bailouts," calling it “vicious,” “ugly,” “irresponsible and reckless"  
Gov. Andrew Cuomo Bulldozes Mitch McConnell For 'Dumb,' 'Vicious' State Bankruptcy Idea 
No bailout for @NYGovCuomo  …
What about the inflated death 
Cuomo rips McConnell's 'blue state bailout' by noting 'your state is living on the money that we generate' 
For all those who say there's no rigging against Bernie Sanders...NY is keeping Warren on ballot but Cuomo/dnc trying to remove Bernie...sure, no corruption at all
As satisfying as it may have been, I’m not sure that Cuomo’s jeremiad was overly wise.  …
Socialism at its finest. Small red states only exist and survive because of larger more diverse economies (and population) that exist in blue states. The irony.
Cuomo is basically Jed Bartlet in the debate here...  …
Tonight, Muslims across New York prepare to engage in a month of prayer and fasting. The values observed during #Ramadan resonate with all New Yorkers, especially now: generosity, gratitude and brotherhood. To all who observe, I wish you a blessed Ramadan. Peace be unto you.
NYC and NYS has inflated their number to get more federal 
They people of Kentucky don't deserve that. The politicians doing nothing or actively trying to stop aid however deserve to be kicked out and charged with NEGLIGENT HOMICIDE!
Hey @NYGovCuomo I have plans to see @Nickelback at Jones Beach in August how do we feel about that?
‘How can the cure be worse than the illness if the illness is potential death?’ — NY Gov. Cuomo shut down a reporter who challenged ‘stay-at-home’ orders 
FUN FACT: Mitch McConnell's state of Kentucky takes in 150 billion (with a "b") more from the federal government that it pays in taxes. MAGA states can't function without blue state  …
Give 'um hell @NYGovCuomo! Thank you for telling it like it is. God it's refreshing hearing the TRUTH everyday.
Andrew Cuomo Obliterates Federal Welfare Queen Mitch McConnell At Press Conference  …
Gov. Cuomo: McConnell's Bankruptcy Suggestion 'One of the really dumb ideas of all time'  …
Donald Trump's day so far - Hasn't posted a Twitter rant all day - Maybe he got attacked by a flying boat - Andrew Cuomo rips #MitchMcConnell to pieces - Trump is now behind Biden in every swing state - Time to volunteer for Biden - Trump is going to prison - It's still only 3pm
Thoughts on seroprevalence in NYC. I'm not at all surprised by an estimate of 21% seropositive in NYC as discussed by @NYGovCuomo today  …). 1/6
McConnell has got to go. He is a cancer to our democracy and it's time to cut him out in November.
Cuomo just owned #MoscowMitch harder than anyone has ever been owned.
#MitchMcConnell Andrew Cuomo has never looked more sexy.
Andrew Cuomo taking down Trump one day, Mitch McConnell the next. Reminding us that not all Democrats bring knives to gunfights with Republicans. His politics are wayyy too rightwing for me but who can honestly say that he wouldn’t do a better job than Biden against Trump in Nov?
My job is to give New Yorkers the facts — whether they're pretty or ugly. I believe that when New Yorkers have the facts, they act prudently.
The “Cuomo Corona” protocol is as anti science and pro grifter as it gets. And a doctor visiting your home — wasting PPE no less — to administer pointless IV vitamins is the height of wasting privilege.
Andrew Cuomo just tore up #MitchMcConnell!! I’m living for every moment of 
Governor Cuomo read #MitchMcConnell for filth and I was here for every bit of 
They're trying to take Bernie off the ballot in NY. Unbelievable. The attempts by the Democratic Establishment to circumvent Democracy have not gone unnoticed. #NYKeepBernie Feel free to give Cuomo a call (518) 474-8390
Cuomo is using Rockefeller Institute numbers here; they show that from 2015 to 2018 KY received net federal aid of $33,000 for every man, woman, and child in the state 1/  …
A new provision in the NY state budget allows the removal of candidates from the ballot who have dropped out. This would block Bernie from obtaining needed delegates to push the party Left. Tell Cuomo how we feel about undemocratic elections. (518) 474-8390 #NYKeepBernie
Cuomo really be on TV like fuck that, fuck you, fuck them, fuck what they talking about, AHT AHT, suck my dick, BLAT 
BREAKING: Gov Cuomo calls out Moscow Mitch: “NY puts more money into the federal pot than it takes out. His state takes out more than it puts in. Who's getting bailed out here? It's your state living on the money that we generate. Your state is getting bailed out. Not my state.”
Gov. Cuomo: "STATES SHOULD DECLARE BANKRUPTCY? THAT'S HOW YOU'RE GOING TO BRING THIS NATIONAL ECONOMY BACK?...LET NY STATE DECLARE BANKRUPTCY. LET MI DECLARE BANKRUPTCY. LET IL DECLARE BANKRUPTCY...YOU WILL SEE A COLLAPSE OF THIS NATIONAL ECONOMY. SO, JUST DUMB"
"Both days, I added ½ cup of Clorox to my bathwater  the radiation and metals in my system and oxygenate it." - Mrs. Chris Cuomo  …
NY Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, who originated this argument, would be very proud of @NYGovCuomo today.  …
Today I learned that Christina Cuomo took bleach baths in the Hamptons  the radiation” after her husband caught Covid-19  …
Urgent New Yorkers please sign this petition insisting that Governor Cuomo & the NYS BOE keep Bernie on the ballot. They vote on Monday whether to cancel the Presidential Primary. It's vital that they Keep Bernie on the ballot.  …
BAM!!! PLEASE LISTEN TO @NYGovCuomo . Anyone who follows me knows that I have been calling on donor state Governors to address this. Thank you Gov Cuomo. @senatemajldr , you have been ripping off blue States your entire career. Your time  to an end.
Great job Governor Cuomo calling out the dinosaur of a senator. It is time to vote Mitch out! #CuomoCrush
Cuomo serving truth to #MitchMcConnell aka #MoscowMitch. McConnell depends on the people of his state being uninformed and ignorant of facts. People of KY, this is the 
Fuck I love Cuomo! #IloveCuomo
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo reacts to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who said he didn't want to turn federal coronavirus relief into bailing out Democratic states: "If there's ever a time for humanity and decency, now is the time. ... How irresponsible and how reckless" 
Governor Andrew Cuomo called #MoscowMitch the Grim Reaper and Welfare Queen. Cuomo is da Man!
THANKS SO MUCH FOR SPEAKING OUT AGAINST FOUL, SOULLESS MITCH MCCONNELL! WE'RE SO GRATEFUL FOR YOUR PERSEVERENCE. THESE UPDATES NEED TO CONTINUE INTO NOV. YOU HAVE THE ABILITY TO BE A SPOKESPERSON FOR DEMOCRACY & CALL OUT THOSE WHO ARE CORRUPT, GREEDY, & IMMORAL. THANKS AGAIN!
Andrew Cuomo brings it and destroys federal welfare queen 
Cuomo gives the perfect response to Mitch McConnell’s statement that he doesn’t want to ‘BAIL OUT’ blue states. 
Gov. Cuomo must be a heartless anti-American coal billionaire because he just owned Mitch McConnell.
The point that @NYGovCuomo made about Kentucky being a net taker should be elaborated on a bit further. It's not just Kentucky, it's the overwhelming majority of red states. Conversely, the majority of blue states are net givers. Blue state bailouts indeed. #MitchMcConnell
Gov. Cuomo: "New York puts in more money into the federal pot than it takes out. His state takes out more than it puts in. Sen. McConnell, who's getting bailed out here? It's your state that is living on the money that we generate. Your state is getting bailed out. Not my state."
Cuomo: Let’s talk about fairness, Mitch NYS puts $116 billion more into the federal pot than we take out. Kentucky TAKES $148 billion more from the federal pot than they put in. But we don't deserve help now because the 15,000 people who died here were predominately democrats?
Governor Cuomo THANK YOU for Calling out the Virus Mitch McConnell. He's a Plague on our nation. He is a Mean and Vindictive piece of protoplasm. #CuomoPrimeTime #MitchMcConnell 
#Cuomo’s, continuing his rebuke of #MitchMcConnell: “What he’s saying is that if you’re looking at the states that have coronavirus problems, they tend to be democratic states...don’t help NY state because it’s a democratic state. How UGLY a 
One of the really dumb ideas of all time just came from Sen. Mitch McConnell. His suggestion to let states go bankrupt makes no sense. He says he doesn't want a "Blue State Bailout." 15,000 people died — this is not the time for politics.
Gov. Cuomo really letting Sen. Mitch McConnell have it. He says that New York State contributes $116 Billion more to the federal budget than it takes from it whereas Kentucky takes more from the federal government than it puts in by more than that amount.
 for Mitch is a thing of beauty.. Using budget facts to do it cherry on top
Governor Cuomo just basically called Mitch McConnell a cold, irresponsible, political hack
New York Governor Cuomo destroys Mitch McConnell and his stupid idea to let states declare bankruptcy. Uses the worst picture possible of Mitch to drive the point home. 
NEW: The first phase of results from a statewide antibody study are in. We collected approximately 3,000 antibody samples from 40 locations in 19 counties. Preliminary estimates show a 13.9% infection rate.
New York antibody study estimates 13.9% of residents have had the coronavirus, Cuomo says 
Every cuomo press conference: CUOMO: here’s the latest data, charts, here’s our new strategy outline and a plan for flattening the curve and reopening Every trump press conference: TRUMP: that’s a nasty question! What station are you from?!?? #cuomo #TrumpPressBriefing
Nursing homes are our top priority, and we will investigate any nursing home that violates the law. By law, nursing homes must: -Have adequate PPE -Isolate COVID residents -Temp checks for staff -Separate staff for COVID residents -Notify residents/family members of positives
Today’s installment of Cuomo & Coffee 
Holding a briefing with updates on #Coronavirus. Watch  …
Cuomo rips McConnell for pushing "bankruptcy route" for states: "One of the dumb statements of all time"  
NY has produced ~30% of all the deaths in the U.S. Its “leadership” serves as an example of failure. #Cuomo 
Gov. Andrew Cuomo: “You want to go to work, go take a job as an essential worker. Do it tomorrow.” 
. @NYGovCuomo discusses leading New York through the coronavirus pandemic. 
I will be giving my daily #Coronavirus briefing at 11:30AM ET. Watch 
Today: Cuomo slides as Zoom backgrounds 
This segment by Tucker Carlson on McKinsey & Company, the firm Gov. Cuomo hired for consulting, is absolutely brutal. Worth watching the whole thing: 
Why is Cuomo considered an essential worker?
We all need to STAY HOME. Let’s keep each other safe. 
“You want to go to work? Go take the job as an essential worker,” NY Gov. Cuomo said when asked about protesters who say the restrictions are doing more harm than the 
There are 6500 clemency petitions on Governor Cuomo’s desk. Untouched. All while he clamors in front of the cameras and claims to care about human life. A failure of leadership.  …
This is crazy “The state concedes that 3,448 residents of nursing homes or adult-care facilities are known to have died from the coronavirus, or nearly 25 percent of all deaths in New York”  …
Cuomo to unemployed, drop dead  …
CNN Lies to Viewers About Chris Cuomo’s ‘Emerging’ from Quarantine 
Cuomo hires consulting firm McKinsey & Co at top $to devise a plan to reopen NYC ... a firm whose managing director served on the board of China development bank from ‘09-‘18 and advised for offshoring of US jobs to China. U can’t make this shit up
#ThursdayMotivation Cuomo Coffee and Cock 
Andrew Cuomo: Domestic Violence 'Very Bad,' But It's 'Not Death'  … via @SaraCarterDC
CHRIS CUOMO IS A FAKE!!!!!!!WATCH: Tucker shreds CNN’s Cuomo, accuses him of a phony "reemergence video"  … via @ThudNews
Tell Gov Cuomo and the other decision makers that Bernie Sanders should not be removed form the ballot for the New York Democratic Primary Election. Let the people vote for Bernie.-Lawrence Hamm, US Senator Candidate, State Chair, NJ For Bernie2020 #Bernie2020 
NY Gov. Andrew Cuomo: "More people will die if we are not smart." 
Andrew Cuomo isn’t messing around  … via @PalmerReport
I think this Joaquin JOKER should house all these convicts he wants to release at his house...what do you  …
Nice one! Love it! Tucker Carlson rips 'shameless cheeseballs' at CNN over Chris Cuomo's 'fake' exit from basement quarantine  …
Andrew Cuomo Puts New York on Lockdown, While his Brother Violates Quarantine  
Chris Cuomo's 14-year-old son is now battling Coronavirus.  
Governor Cuomo may have inadvertently saved some lives by hiding the "ventilator" machines from the hospitals, because it was the forcing of air into the lungs that now appears to have been causing additional injuries and deaths. #VentilatorScam #Ventilators
Gov. Andrew Cuomo calls out Mitch McConnell for saying 'Blue State Bailout' - CNN Video  …
If any want to deal in reality, here it is. A lot of these Governors did not do their job before this pandemic, Governor Cuomo and others did not invest in the health of their cities. So Trump had to do it for them. They should be grateful. He saved their collective asses.
Cuomo’s is the one with blood on his hands! Maybe instead of daily bemoaning the lack of ventilators he didn’t need, he could have stopped his policy of infecting nursing homes with corona patients.
Cuomo said “bitch you wanna go back to work so bad, get a job as an essential worker then” and that hoe shut right tf up but nahh they don’t want those jobs do they 
Gov. Cuomo is FEDTTT up with y'all. 
Man, Cuomo has bungled this in New York with policies that have led to more deaths. Cuomo is lucky he’s a Democrat. He is being treated as a modern FDR when he really is just inept and coddled by the partisan media.
He claims he didn’t know about  …
the cuomo brothers need a reality show 
Hey @ChrisCuomo @NYGovCuomo Thanks for making us laugh, if we're laughing, we're not crying. You're the best!
“This is PTSD for an entire generation that will talk about this.” @NYGovCuomo discusses the emotional toll of the pandemic tonight at 11/10c. 
Cuomo has no empathy. Is anyone trying to recall him? Shameful. He and Newsom are the same. Power has gone to their heads.  …
If we make a bad move, it's going to set us back. Frankly, this is no time to act stupidly. Period. I don't know how else to say 
Someone give Andrew Cuomo an MVP award 
. @NYGovCuomo joins Trevor for his first late-night interview tonight at 11/10c on Comedy Central 
I don’t use my twitter BUT @GovMurphy @NYGovCuomo can’t you do something about the tolls for essential workers? Can you PLEASE give us a break!
It’s Cuomo Time 
Now Chris Cuomo's teenage son Mario has coronavirus  
I honestly feel I am no longer fighting against opposing political views. I feel I am doing battle against forces of evil intent upon the destruction of this country. There is something tangibly wicked about the today's Democrat Party. You can sense it in their every word.
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Scherie Murray Calls on N.Y. Governor Andrew Cuomo and State Legislators to Ensure Ballot Access for June Primary. 
Gov. Cuomo: “How can the cure be worse than the disease when the disease results in death?” Don’t know if it’s lack of intellect or deceit but this is what you’d call a vacuous argument! Getting in a car ALSO occasionally results in death! We MITIGATE that risk!! 
Fuck Bill Gates, Fuck Frauds Fauci and Brix, Fuck Gov. Newsome, Fuck Gov. Murphy, Fuck Gov. Wolf, Fuck Gov. Cuomo , Fuck Gov. Whitmer, Fuck Mayor Diblasio, #NoToBillGates #NoNewNormal
Bill Gates , Fauci , Cuomo alll guilty of treason
Why did you force Nursing homes to take in Covid patients when you knew seniors were the most vulnerable @NYGovCuomo?
Andrew Cuomo: Domestic Violence 'Very Bad,' But It's 'Not Death' This rhetoric discounts the mental health toll that does lead to death, which we're seeing with the spike in calls to the national suicide and domestic abuse hotlines.  … Via @JennieSTaer
I can’t believe it. Cuomo just said “the illness is death.” Does he not understand that the survival rate is anywhere from 97-99.9% (I would bet on 99%.) How utterly ignorant?! And he is a “leader” and my Gov (PA) is his “pact pal.” We are doomed because of these “leaders.”
@NYGovCuomo what the hell do you mean? Yes it is
Didn't take long for the real Andy Cuomo to show up. He is a disgusting elitist! Thug!
Cynthia Nixon tried to warn y'all about Cuomo... 
Mr so-called: we hear you been throwing tantrums about all the shitty things folks are saying about you and all the  at Fauci, Cuomo, Hogan, DeWine, Newsome. I know, I know. Just cuz they seem really upset about the 40k dead and you don’t..why should that matter?
This is why we are in love with Gov. Cuomo! He is brave, sharp and speaks his mind like a New Yorker always does! #CuomoCrush 
No one: Literally no one: Andrew Cuomo: Wanna hear all the ways I can say "zero"? 
What happened to all this "empathy" Democrats talk about? Cuomo scolds jobless New Yorkers: "You want to go to work? Go take a job as an essential worker. Do it tomorrow" 
Elitist! Real Americans (TM) think it's always time to act stupidly  …
Cuomo: The Federal Government needs to provide PPE because we squandered our stash and budget. Also Cuomo: We are State Government, it's not out job to provide nursing homes with PPE.
Gov. Cuomo says 'it's not our job' to provide PPE to nursing homes  
My job is very simple. I have one agenda. I have one purpose. I fight for New Yorkers, that is my job." Andrew Cuomo 
Seems like Cuomo told people getting economically crushed by COVID-19 to just go out and get a job as an essential worker. It's a classic Republican response and a window into his worldview. There will be no mercy for the millions of tenants in NYC who can't pay rent.
New York is in need. But New Yorkers can rely on one another. And they can rely on @NYGovCuomo. I'm glad to announce that @BloombergDotOrg  to partner with New York State to build a contact tracing program.  …
A reporter asked Gov. Cuomo what he’d say to New Yorkers who want to go back to work because they’re running out of money, to which he replied, “economic hardship doesn’t equal death” “You want to go to work? Go take a job as an essential worker” he added  
New York Gov. Cuomo warns that recklessly returning to work could endanger the lives of others and says to those currently out of a job: "By the way—you want to go to work? Go take a job as an essential worker. Do it tomorrow." 
Chris Cuomo is one of the biggest frauds on television. I'm glad Tucker Carlson called him out.  …
“You want to work? Go take a job as an essential worker,” Cuomo remarked. “Do it tomorrow. Right? You’re working. You’re an essential worker.” THIS is the answer for those stupid protestors... get on the front lines & work all you want otherwise,stay home  …
Send Vic to the Cuomo press conferences  …
A reporter asked Cuomo why he won’t let the people who want to work go back to work. Son said “if you want to go back to work, go to work as an essential worker.” I never seen somebody shut up so fast. 
Cuomo is an evil sack of shit 
Cuomo was just asked what he'd say to people who are upset that because they can't work, they are out of money and the government isn't helping them fast enough. He said that they should go get a job as an essential worker.
A reporter at Cuomo's briefing points out protesters outside want to go back to work and say they can't wait on testing efforts to kick in. They pose the question: What if the cure is worse than the illness? Cuomo's Response: "The illness is death. What is worse than death?"
Hearing Governor Cuomo say "How are we going to do this? I don't know, we've never done it before," is 1,000 times more reassuring than hearing trump say "it's going to be beautiful, the best ever," knowing he's talking out of his ass.
People will die if we get cocky about reopening. To those who are upset about our careful approach — don't blame your local official. Blame me.
pretty weird how Governor Cuomo doesn't whine and shift blame and lash out at reporters who ask him difficult questions, what's up with that
NEW: New York will launch a testing/tracing program in unison with CT and NJ. Mayor @MikeBloomberg has volunteered to help us develop the program. I thank him for taking this on with us — it will be expensive, challenging & require an army of tracers. But it must be done.
BREAKING: Mike Bloomberg offered to build an army of #COVID19 testing & tracing for New York per Governor Cuomo. Former NYC Mayor Bloomberg still cleaning up after Trump after ALL these years.
This is a profound moment in history. Our actions shape our future. If we get reckless today, we’ll suffer the consequences tomorrow.
Holding a briefing with updates on #Coronavirus. Watch  …
why are the #COVID19 models and predictions so unbelievably  …
Btwn Chris Cuomo’s staged, “emergence” from quarantine & Brian Stelter tweeting he hides under his covers & cries, CNN news anchors should just read news. Imagine Walter Cronkite bursting into tears on TV like a teenager who got a pimple on prom night!  …
Remember That Hospital Ship NY Desperately Needed? Yeah, Cuomo Now Says It's Not Needed.  … via @gatewaypundit
I will be giving my daily #Coronavirus briefing at 11:30AM ET. Watch 
Just called NYS Board of Elections, urging them to keep Sanders on the ballot & gently stating if they don't, I'll never vote Cuomo or Biden. (Not that I would have, anyway.) Here's the #: 518-474-6220. Even if not NY, please call. This affects the nation. #bernieontheballot.
Cuomo has  a dictator. Nothing can be done without his approval. Now he has signed off on not using CPR on anyone. This is beyond crazy. Yet he is being praised on msm for every word he speaks
Cuomo just said, “I will allow” certain elective surgeries. Those words should scare freedom loving Americans! Read it again. “I will allow” not, I believe it is safe to move forward but I will allow. And he pronounced every word with nazi like authority.
Reminder: New Yorkers are still directed to wear a face covering or mask in public when social distancing can't be maintained. Let's look out for each 
#BuySellHold CNN paid Chris Cuomo to lie about having the Corona Virus.
Happy #EarthDay. We have one planet. Let’s work together to protect it and to protect each 
Governor Cuomo's administration made a tragically stupid decision to send elderly patients who tested positive for Coronavirus back into their nursing homes, where 3448 died, 25% of NY's cases. Will fake news cover this up? Democrat Immunity?:  …
Hey @NewsGuardRating you guys got a second to give CNN and every outlet pushing this bullshit a strike?  …
. @NYGovCuomo has the power to grant clemency to anyone incarcerated in new york's state prison system at any time for any reason. Leonard Carter died because the governor allowed him to.  …
The crack pots from the view.... I’m not worried about @SpeakerPelosi ice cream freezer ... I worried about the body’s that are going into the freezers New York @NYGovCuomo over spending #Sanctuarycities helping refugees out before #vets #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
DIVIDED WE FALL: Just as @JoeBiden agrees @SenSanders can keep his DNC delegates, @NYGovCuomo snuck in a law to cancel the NY primary. Tomorrow Bernie delegates (teachers, nurses, organizers) will be replaced by cronies + lobbyists unless andrew.spano@elections.ny.gov stops it
Do you want bernie to stay on the ny democratic presidential preference primary ballot? Then Call Cuomo (518-474-8390) and the BOE in NY (212-487-5300). Leave a VM demanding #Bernie be left on the ballot. Do it NOW because the decision is being made Monday.
Cuomo goin for the guns? 
Coronavirus latest: -Senate passes $484 billion aid package -Trump, Cuomo agree to increase testing -California announces earliest known U.S. death -809,755 cases, 44,820 deaths in U.S. 
Skyrocketing Unemployment Claims ‘Collapsed’ New York’s System, Cuomo Says  
horns around the Executive Mansion trumping the Cuomo haters 
Please help keep #BernieOnTheBallot in #NY. They are trying to take his name off. They are worried tht a big delegate sweep mighy reignite his campaign. Cuomo is just the worst 
It is repulsive @NYGovCuomo continues to allow @RichAzzopardi to spew this vial, heartless spin in a moment the whole damn state is grieving & fighting to keep ppl alive. How many times to families need to say this before you learn—people’s pain is not a game.  …
Who ELSE believes @NYGovCuomo is doing a REMARKABLE job & deserves our DEEP RESPECT & GRATITUDE?
Gov. Cuomo says “we have a long way to go,” before reopening New York. “We need to rely on the data as we make these decisions … That’s why you go back to testing.” 
He is not falling in line. Just telling us what Trump said he would do. Cuomo’s got this.
WHAT A LIAR!! Chris Cuomo tweeted his wife had Covid on (4-15-20) On (4-20-20) He said his wife was cleared by the CDC. I thought the quarantine period was 14 days?? He also lied about being in quarantine after fighting with an old man outside RT & USE 
This. Must. Stop. They are in limbo - remanded & trapped for things like missing a curfew bc @NYGovCuomo won't heed the advice of public health experts.  …
Dear @CNN, We don’t wanna see your fake sick COVID anchors saying they stayed home. When indeed Liddle Christopher who is @NYGovCuomo liddle brother was actually breaking the law & checking on his home being built in the Hamptons & arguing with an elderly individual. 
Cuomo is angering Democratic voters. Is Cuomo working for Trump or himself?
Thank you for trying. Trump is not a man of his word.
#YNosotrosQue caravan today got cheers and clapping from taxi drivers, bike delivery workers, and truck drivers working in Manhattan despite the pandemic. Will @NYGovCuomo support NY's undocumented immigrants? Or continue the exclusion? #Recovery4All 
When Pres. @realDonaldTrump and @NYGovCuomo met in the #OvalOffice today, Cuomo said that the #USNSComfort hospital ship is no longer needed. Federal assistance on widespread testing is. Full story  . -video and editing by @BreakinNewsBoy 
Cuomo's trying to earn himself some DNC favor with this petty, anti-democratic trash, that's for sure.
No they won’t... you’re falling in line like the rest of them...
Breaking News: Mass outrage and media scrutiny have forced the NY Board of Elections to postpone till Monday tomorrow's meeting at which it was poised to cancel the presidential primary at the behest of @NYGovCuomo & Dem Party bosses. Your protests are working. Stop the coup!
Chris Cuomo Lectures Protesters To ‘Think About Others’ After Reportedly Declining To Self-Quarantine In The Hamptons.  …
President Trump and Governor Cuomo described their afternoon meeting as a good conversation in which the two men agreed to work together to double New Yorks rate of testing for the  …
I really like Cuomo! 
realDonaldTrump: RT WhiteHouse: Earlier today, President realDonaldTrump met with Governor Cuomo to discuss his statewide testing strategy.  #YOLO
Double Wow. Is this legal? @NYGovCuomo @TheJusticeDept
more owls in nyc NOW! the people will no longer remain silent @BilldeBlasio @NYGovCuomo @NYPDnews
I brought today's podcast about Chris Cuomo's magical Easter Jesus act out from behind the subber paywall. Free to all. 
Sad this happen to your city Rudy! The only way to make NYC great again is to Remove Cuomo and de Blasio ..! How embarrassing, Begging in front of the country for a bailout bc they Bankrupt the greatest city in the world by funding illegals and abortions!  …
@NYGovCuomo @realDonaldTrump why is USNS Comfort possibly leaving NYC soon, when cardiac arrest patients in need of emergency life saving treatment are being labeled as DNR, by health officials who say hospitals are COVID overrun and ICU beds unavailable?????
I say all that to say this: please take the survey at the beginning of this thread and call on @DOEChancellor @BilldeBlasio @NYGovCuomo @NYCSchools @MarkTreyger718 @nycpa to be intersectional, restorative and student centered in their approach to grading during remote learning.
Exactly why they have started calling VBNMW people #BlueMaga @NYGovCuomo is  …
YES! YES! YES! THIS! Thank you Gov. Cuomo!
Suspect he's putting a marker down for use when trump again does nothing.
@NYGovCuomo needs more Coronavirus deaths
As NYS first lady she visited Froebel Gallery, lingering for quite a long time w her mentor students, studying Holocaust Exhibition of Barbara Green, nee Kur/Korr, titled "Der Zirkus Beginnt" We enjoyed her visit immensely. Barbara explained each painting @NYGovCuomo 
Good luck with that orange stained  fool keeping his promises
The New York GOP blasts Gov Cuomo(D) for preparing to issue an executive order mandating mail-in voting for the June's primary election. GOP is prepared to “legally challenge it at every level,” should Cuomo proceed.  … via @BreitbartNews
That's how the NAZIs carried out their assault on millions LEOs s/be prosecuted - straight to GITMO - it's WAR TIME @NYGovCuomo is VERY THREATENING TO MY PHYSICAL EMOTIONAL & SPIRITUAL SAFETY HE'S A LIAR & HOARDER - THIEF stealing FED& FEMA $$$
Like thousands of other college students, I requested an absentee ballot which has arrived at my out of state university, while I now live at home in NY. Do i need to reapply to get my ballot automatically delivered to my NY address? @RichAzzopardi @NYGovCuomo @melissadderosa
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said President  to securing more testing supplies from China and other overseas manufacturers during a meeting at the White House. 
Cuomo remains a petty, vindictive little man, and the fact the 14k New Yorkers died on his watch does nothing to improve my opinion  …
MIXED MESSAGES COMING FROM WH IS CAUSING ANXIETY & PANIC. TRUMP SAYS ANYONE WHO WANTS TO BE TESTED CAN BE. PENCE SAYS WE'RE WEEKS AWAY FROM HAVING THAT #CORONAVIRUS TESTING CAPACITY. LISTEN TO GOV. CUOMO EXPLAIN: Cuomo declares a NY State of Emergency  03
If Trump actually holds up his end of the bargain, it will be a fucking miracle...I wouldn't hold my breath if I were you. #TrumpLiesPeopleDie
This is scary stuff you mean they’re not going to even spend two or three minutes trying to revive them just walk away if I were in New York or I will get the hell out of there get a job elsewhere
Please consider signing this  …
. @realDonaldTrump, asked by @Newsday’s @Laura_Figueroa about calls for aid to be distributed to states based on infection rates, said he agreed with @NYGovCuomo on the need for funding for states and municipalities. W/  …
I wouldn't be to quick to trust or believe Donald Trump. You know he lies as easily as he breathes.
Good for you! Once again,  back! Thanks, Every New Yorker
Reporters must ask @NYGovCuomo & @GovMurphy if they have any idea just how many of the #COVID19 hospital discharges they highlight as good news but end up dying at home? The failure to grasp the residential dimension of this puts us all at risk.  …
Yes he put that order in effect from the very beginning when he was claiming thousands & thousands were going to die & he had no Vent's. Before they found themselves attached in a different warehouse. I would sue him personally if it was my family member that was allowed to die.
Even if they're COVID positive, they're better better off with family or friends that can take care of them until they can't and they need professional medical intervention. Inside, they just won't take care of them, until they don't have to.
Bernie supporters arent your scapegoat. This same situation unfolded in 2016 and Hillary still won the popular vote. The electorate put Trump in office anyway.
They just HAVE to do this, even though @DNC rules will only give Bernie a minimal amount of delegates. They are sending the message that progressives have no where to go. I'm hoping registered Dems go from 25% to less than 15% after this shit show. #Demexit2020
‘You guys are Pravda’: Karol Markowicz drops curtain on CNN, Chris & Andrew Cuomo’s coronavirus theater with a devastating, fact-filled timeline 
sorry. I meant to say, undocumented folk who trespass illegally into the USA. he never asked me about using my tax money to give away to those who break our laws.
I admit that it's a sad situation and people  up with nasty made  theories that hospitals kill instead of the virus are doing bad.
And you believed him? You never learn.
Cuomo wants to remove BERNIE's name from New York ballot to deny him delegates! The way you fight this BERNIE, if you care, is to get back in the race.... your campaign is only SUSPENDED!!! #DemExit #NeverBidenNeverTrump
I know :( I don’t expect it anytime soon and hope they don’t open back up until  safe to do so. Hope you and your whole family are staying well
I’m sorry I know it’s too late to change anything, but @NYGovCuomo should be running rather then @JoeBiden. Biden doesn’t have the fire we need. Cuomo is smart & tough & not afraid to take on the idiot in charge. #presidentcuomo #CuomoForPresident #Cuomo
Stop Cuomo! Keep #BernieOnTheBallot in  …
Cuomo is a liar! may cnn drive itself into the dumps! 
Christian McCaffrey stole Miss Universe from another NFL star; Former Miss USA Shanna Moakler reveals dramatic body transformation; Trump says he will help NY's Cuomo and more!!! 
It's his family business. Didn't Mario have mafia ties.
The Christian woman shared an article on FB about @NYGovCuomo. The article is by a Christian writer who’s concerned because Cuomo said: “The number is down because we brought the number down. God did not do that. Faith did not do that.” She then assumed Cuomo was an atheist.
Cuomo plans to cut Medicaid by $2.5B + "NY election officials are poised to remove Sen. Bernie Sanders from the state’s primary ballot on Wednesday, thanks to an obscure provision in the state budget law enacted by Gov. Andrew Cuomo earlier this month."  …
@NYGovCuomo says 80% fatality rate once on ventilators in NY
This doesn’t force anything to happen but kids and teachers suffering. You don’t cut funding and magically everyone  fiscally responsible. There are better ideas then just cutting off your nose.
He’s not going to help, he just is a coward in your face and will trash you later on Twitter
It’s already  …
Did you get his agreements in writing? Asking for a friend..
This is the plague!! It is NOT SAFE to reopen anything!!! @NYGovCuomo @MassGovernor
That's right! NY is large, sets tone for Dem convention. If Bernie & delegates are tossed aside in NY, I predict ZERO unity in Milwaukee. We need to contact @NYGovCuomo and state  douglas.kellner@elections.ny.gov & andrew.spano@elections.ny.gov
Watching the WH presser is like the groom having his microphone stolen during his speech by a drunk eldery uncle taking out his grievance with family members.
Exactly... no way is that not a lawsuit and charges filed.
Is there something wrong with you....did you fall on your head recently
Barking Dog on the corner. 94th and 3rd.
Just don't be surprised when he doesn't do what he says he's going to do. He lies.
Gov. Cuomo HUMILIATES Trump after Trump targets him on Twitter  via @YouTube I’m a #cuomoSexual love this guy! Prez 2024
Send this to @GovPritzker in Illinois!!
What happen in this  with Chris Cuomo did  out on anyone else's TV or did mine just have a glitch. Ots done it several times. WTH 
Cuomo from Fredo to Fraudo! The last before the first, first before the last......it’s all the same! 
Thank you @NYGovCuomo ... I will not hold my breath for the latter.  …
Fuck. This.
Without #Firstpersons fundings provisions, the Dine will suffer. Unacceptable. Coffers should be emptied if it means coffins won't be filled. We at RJN stand and advocate for you Mr. Nez. Your leadership is to  Sir. We are hopeful to speak again during or after.
I'm sure the fact that the NYC metro is home to 10 of the 11 most densely populated cities of 10k or more people in the U.S.(including NYC with over 8 mil in the city alone) has nothing to do with 
Yes, because trump lying to Gov. Cuomo in a private conversation will help Trump gain support
Is this  …
I hope you recorded the meeting because his recollection of what was discussed will make you feel he wasn’t in the same meeting. Let alone the same planet. May the force be with you, governor!
Oh he’s a leader alright... he’s teaching republicans how to master the art of cutting Medicaid, in the midst of a pandemic, and instead of  slammed by the dem party & constituents he is glorified by the media & included in presidential polls against Biden LOL.
But I'm always told by establishment Democrats that Bernie doesn't win b/c voters don't vote for him? If that's true, why do they need to remove him from the ballot? Maybe to avoid the embarrassment of him winning primaries after the fact?
I don't think it's "attacking Florida" to say we haven't reached our peak. I'm actually really impressed with how responsibility pretty much everyone in  is dealing with this. But my sober assessment is we still have worse 
I know you are trying to stay on the high road, but I have to say that Saturday was refreshing when you actually called trump out on his lies and had the facts to back it up. Stop thanking him for doing the job he wanted so badly that he cheated with a foreign adversary!
See if John Soloman will do a looksee into this story.
Not enough that #Cuomo’s budget cut funding to hospitals, Medicare and schools during a #pandemic that hit his state harder than anywhere in the world, it undid #bailreform so more ‘undesirables’ could be sent to die at #Rikers and set the stage to remove #Bernie from the Primary  
Take a ride down to Georgia. We dont need liberation in NY. Thanks.
And all God's people said, "AMEN!"
@NYGovCuomo showed himself to be a little boy. wait, a scared little boy. an embarrassment 2 @NewYork. At the moment in AMERICAN HISTORY to be strong and courageous and what does he tell our @POTUS "we don't have money" "we can't manage" but he can give illegals my tax money
Obama caged illegal immigrants with their children, Cuomo caged ALL New Yorkers with their children. #ReopenNY #ReopenNYS #LiberateNewYork
Ventilators not used, built hospitals not used, relief ship not used. The curve in NYC only went down when Trump sent some feds into NYC to see what was going on.Cuomo is just trying to get deficit money. And most likely lining his pockets. Cuomo, let my people go!
If they could pull it off, SNL should get Al Pacino to play Andrew Cuomo. It would be perfect. #AndrewCuomo #AlPacino #SNL it would be perfect 
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo says President Trump agreed to take ownership of the national supply chain to get coronavirus testing kit manufacturers the supplies they need to produce kits. 
Thank you soft on crime bills championed by Bill de Blasio and Andrew Cuomo  …
... did you get $$so our teachers and police can get paid? I thought we didnt have $$for testing?
I’m glad that you found the meeting productive but Trump is not innocent, I wonder what he got out of this! Thank you GovCuomo
Hard Pass, whatever he touches, dies. SO grateful for @NYGovCuomo !
These guys love it @NYGovCuomo  …
Yep, & instead of kissing @NYGovCuomo's ass, maybe @Poststar can stop trashing the locals that are protesting the lockdown & point out who stuffed these homes with #COVIDー19 patients, Andrew Cuomo.  … 
Same here. There’s no point in arguing with people that believe what they want to believe no matter how reckless it is .
Just look how much $$$$@NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor have pissed away on illegal aliens in #NYS. THAT $$$$could have gone to PPE and vents. @TheDemocrats care ZERO about Americans.
@SRuhle @NicolleDWallace @chrislhayes @NYGovCuomo @ewarren @SpeakerPelosi Why don’t we have a massive program to get everyone flu shots for next year ? Are we even going to make sure we manufacture enough of the vaccine ? Are we going to wait till Xmas to think about it?
How the phuck can they issue an heart patient a dnr.....so they are now god??
I pray you're right but I doubt it. We have two areas of concern here that I think may still  hotspots: adult living facilities and prisons.
I guess you don’t have a clue about the point of delegates at a convention outside of securing nomination.
I think that's a valid concern, although honestly Desantis has done a bit better than I expected (admittedly a low bar.) But I'm in Broward which is as blue as can be. So I think we'll chart our own path no matter what the state does.
Thanks for your leadership to New York, and the U.S.....and for your patience in dealing with the giant man-baby occupying the Whitehouse.
Right on. NYS' capital funding program, for example, is undeniably wasteful. Costs millions in state $$and crushes local taxpayers with a match. Projects are overkill or unnecessary. How many f'in artificial turf stadia are needed in districts where programs should be priority?
Just a thought here. Maybe if all those models you defend weren’t off by .. I don’t know ..what? ..... factors of 3 or 4 .... your boy @NYGovCuomo, Mr. I need 40k ventilators & 100k beds, wouldn’t have to institute this policy? If my loved one died of b/c of this I’d sue his a$$
It's also the BULLYING and THREATENING and BOMBASTIC TIRADES going on WATCH @NYGovCuomo for 3 mins He is a F'ing LIAR - says 3 different things in 1 day Renames a bridge after his father which was ILLEGAL Names E.O.s after his mother GTFO ! HIS MESSAGES ARE THREATENING
. @NYGovCuomo says his daughter asked him: "Why didn't you think of that, dad?" "So I was feeling de minimis as a governor. Larry Hogan is a better governor. Why didn't I think of buying test kids from South Korea? ... God bless @GovLarryHogan. He really thought outside the  …
This man should be Cuomo’s successor 
Alright, Real Talk: I Am Very Soothed by Andrew Cuomo’s Polo Shirts  
There’s a strange culture war skirmish around this drug, with many people (definitely including journalists) weirdly invested in its effectiveness in treating Coronavirus, basically as a proxy for loving or hating Trump (not Cuomo, or anyone else who’s been optimistic).
The person riding their bike was the citizen who saw him out with his family on Easter. Liar Chris Cuomo wasn’t on the bike.
Does Chris Cuomo live in the Parasite house? 
NY's Cuomo says Trump agrees to help expand coronavirus testing 
Cuomo says NY no longer needs USNS Comfort in coronavirus crisis  
Quadruple rainbow over New York the universe thanks Andrew Cuomo 
Little to no testing is the feature not the bug. Cuomo nailed it when he called all  to ask one question: What will it take to double your testing. Here was what he put up on the screen: 
Man Claims Chris Cuomo Yelled at Him in the Hamptons - David Whelan of Long Island said Chris Cuomo threatened him re:quarantine confrontation. ⁦ @TuckerCarlson⁩ watch  …
Cuomo is still upset Bernie wouldn't endorse him for Governor last time. We're losing our voice because he wants to play political games. Andrew M. Cuomo: Protect #BernieontheBallot in New York State! - Sign the Petition!  via @Change
Now is "no time to pop the champagne bottles," despite the fact that construction has stopped on temporary field hospitals, New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said 
But that doesn't mean this allegation shouldn't be examined. It should so it can be resolved before the convention and then we can choose someone else, like Cuomo, to replace him.
So Cuomo is now playing God. He need to charged for murder for those that die because of his order. #Democrats are killing #Americans NY issues do-not-resuscitate guideline for cardiac patients amid coronavirus  … via @nypmetro
Put pressure on Cuomo to not cancel the NY primary. Use phrases like "do not divide the party" and call it "divisive" because there is no reason to do except to specifically spite certain demographics.
The USNS Comfort will be leaving New York City after Gov. Andrew Cuomo told President Trump during a meeting on Tuesday that it was no longer needed to treat coronavirus patients  …
Japanese Teenager Writes Creepy Song About Rivers Cuomo  …
Cuomo saying he had corona 
Who else is sexually and emotionally attracted to Governor Cuomo say I
Why, in light of the above mentioned article? @NYGovCuomo  …
@ChrisCuomo Fredo emerged the other day when he road his bike to his new house (paid for by lying and abusing his viewers Brian’s) and threatened his soon to be neighbor over the neighbor being upset because cuomo is a liar and was out during his quarantine. Cuomo is scum .
LMFAO - is #Cuomo wearing a shirt that says "TRUTH"?!?  …
Joe Biden saying Cuomo should be a woman. LOL
All you BLIND LIBERALS Take this eye 
After crushing House Republicans in 2018,Democrats investigated Trump's Extortion of Ukraine.He is now IMPEACHED FOR LIFE. 2/3 of Americans disapprove of Trump's handling of CV and he is now trailing Biden by 9 points. Democrat Andrew Cuomo is now the most popular governor in US. 
Cuomo should quit and let someone better prepared to run his shit hole. NY numbers are unacceptable 
Cuomo knows all the reporters' names. Do you think he could be trying to be like him because everyone loves Cuomo, but he can't remember anyone else's name?
Gov Cuomo has to be the most useless person during this epidemic
What have you done, nothing, a no name, Trump monkey. Gov Cuomo is more of a President than Trump. That's why Americans want him to run for President. Americans listen to Gov Cuomo, he's a straight shooter, gives facts. Trump, has gives fake info, talks when he knows nothing
it's not brilliant in the slightest. it's immature, and rather stupid. but it's what we expect from the left. they're childish, and bitter. even newsome & cuomo praised trump's efforts in this plandemic. get over yourself.
thread 1/About Cuomo's meeting w/Trump, which Cuomo requested: Cuomo has, since February, been aggressively and visibly pushing for testing.
 … And just like that, CNN was back to normal.
Cuomo is such a drama queen. Move along...  …
I asked for Paul Newman. Why did my brain gave me Andrew Cuomo like no brain you fucked up I didn't ask for that !!!!
@realDonaldTrump WHY YOU KEEP LETTING THEM MAKE YOU LOOK BAD? YOUR WAY SMARTER THAN ALL OF THEM! YET YOU LET THEM DESTROY YOU WITH THERE HAIR BRAIN IDEA’S THAT DEFY ALL COMMON SENSE! @MSNBC @CNBC @foxandfriends @NYGovCuomo 
I can’t stand Cuomo and i hate how the media makes this partisan. You’re so right it’s frustrating, DeWine worked with what he had and never blamed Trump because blame doesn’t save lives  …
My Greek Catholic Easter was 4/19. @NYCMayor @NYGovCuomo  …
The only way things improve is to continue exposing the lies and bullying going on by people like Chris Cuomo.
Chris Cuomo falls in and out and in and out and in and out of quarantine while supposedly infected with coronavirus. Where's the newsletter about that?
Pimple orange, go, look in the mirror. Delusional, just like him. Lay off of @foxandfriends There’s hope
For all that media talk about Fox News killing people there sure isn't a lot of handwringing from the same people over Chris Cuomo actually breaking quarantine while supposedly contagious
Now do Cuomo and Stephanopoulos  …
I notice they re not spraying the sidewalks and oh by the way the freaking subways are still open and full of homeless people less than 6 feet apart. News Flash people NYC will never get the numbers under control with @BilldeBlasio and @NYGovCuomo running the show!
Cuomo has been trying from the beginning of the crisis to figure out how to screw the Feds out of $6 Billion Extra to plug the budget hole.  knowledge.
Sad that @NYGovCuomo mismanaged his States budget BEFORE Coronavirus. It’s not our job to bail him out. Stop giving #IllegalAliens a dime. That’s  …
First action targeting @NYGovCuomo calling for Justice for immigrants who are left out from all government support. All NYers deserve relief. You accept our labor Accept our humanity! #YNosotrosQue 
France never enforced remain@home for islamists for fear of widespread riots. Lets see what happens Friday. Eyes on Ramadan Mosque Management @GovWhitmer Dearborn @GovMurphy Paterson @GovLarryHogan Falls Church @NYGovCuomo Rochester / Buffalo @GovTimWalz  …
We need answers regarding what the NY DOH knew in advance re. Covid virus, @HealthNYGov & @NYGovCuomo. Howard Zucker NY  was previously the asst. director General of WHO. Why was NY so unprepared? Why did so many die? See attached letter  …
With what? Trump isn't curious enough to know much about Cuomo, Cuomo isn't one to back down from a fight, and...Cuomo's skeletons are not exactly in the closet.
. @NYGovCuomo and state officials are trying to circumvent the democratic process to remove @BernieSanders from the ballot in NY With local elections already taking place on June 23rd, it's clear that this isn't #COVID19 related. They want to silence  …
COVID+PRISON=DEATH #CuomoLetThemGo @NYGovCuomo 
@NYGovCuomo ... you are an embarrassment to your state and to most of America. I will never step foot into New York again until you’re gone. Trump doesn’t have time to watch your ignorant azz on TV. Do your job and quit blaming Trump for your problems. We do not want to see you! 
Just a couple of national guardsmen enjoying free reign in midtown #NYC. Out for a jog, no PPE. Headed back to the Javits Center where they are staying courtesy of @NYGovCuomo and the federal government. 
“States and local governments need robust support from the federal government as we navigate the response to this pandemic and to help foster the economic recovery that is ahead.”- @GovLarryHogan and @NYGovCuomo  …
I'm not even in your state and I follow Governor Cuomo!
@NYGovCuomo is smart enough to see through his crap, You guys are lucky to have him as your Gov. He's the only Gov. speaking up and holding Trump accountable, he is not afraid to go after him.
Federal documents: more than 300,000 likely to die if restrictions are lifted via @publicintegrity  … @TheRickWilson @GovLarryHogan . @realDonaldTrump @NYGovCuomo
, I shared this in hopes to bring discussion about our own situation many pregnant women may stay behind and get serious labor and  as I have seen from some colleague's posts @TedrosBekele @MahletAlemayeh7 @davworku @YetenaW @BlenaSahilu 
We stand in solidarity with  at @NYPANetwork fighting for @BernieSanders delegates to stay on the ballot. Our campaign collected signatures for delegates in NY-12 and NY-14. It should be up to the voters to decide, not @NYGovCuomo or @NYSBOE! #VotingRights  …
Shout out to @NYGovCuomo for ensuring all registered #NewYork #voters will be mailed a ballot for the  June 23rd primary. The key is making sure you're registered, if you're eligible:  ….
. @NYGovCuomo and @NYSBOE will make their decision tomorrow whether or not to leave @BernieSanders on our ballot! Please continue to add your names; we have already submitted over 1600 signatures!   …
Yes, @realDonaldTrump should wear a mask and gloves to protect himself from @NYGovCuomo.
The sheep will fall right into line &  perfect little govt. foot soldiers giving up their freedom because a politician promised to keep them safe. Shame on you Gov. Cuomo & Mayor DiBlasio 
Leonard Carter was 60. Nearly 30 years in prison. Just weeks from release. Advocates have been begging @NYGovCuomo to grant clemency to those with little time left on sentences. He’s too cruel. Andrew Cuomo killed Leonard Carter.   …
The amount of melanin I have in my skin has nothing to do w/ the fact that in America, we have govt. taking a page out of the Nazi’s & telling Americans to spy on their Nieghbor’s & report them. That should bother every loving American regardless of color   …
If Barr and Trump go against @NYGovCuomo my governor I want to know my rights. Because people are scared to death in my state!! I’m listening to my governor and nobody else!!
People and dogs of New York agree: people locked in our crowded unsanitary prisons can’t keep themselves or others safe from coronavirus and @NYGovCuomo needs to #LetThemGo. 
Please understand that the language enabling them to do this was slipped into the recent NYS budget, after we had collected far more than the required signatures to place Bernie and his delegates on the ballot. This is retroactively changing ballot access rules.
@NYGovCuomo is reporting facts. Trust him. He takes every death seriously and personally. #BoycottTrumpPressConferences and watch Cuomo daily around 11:30 EST
And wear a mask, surgical cap and gloves, since trumpey is probably a vector
ACTIONS speak louder than WORDS! It’s not enough to condemn Trump’s racism. New York MUST be part of the solution. #YNosotrosQue, @NYGovCuomo?  …
Cuomo said says ago that “all experts said the same.” Ok this means your choice of experts are too narrow and in a herd-following echo chamber. Why don’t you have on those policy teams a lone wolf-contrarian voice? Simple as a voice even if you don’t want to agree with them!
We added Leonard Carter's name, who died in Queensboro of COVID just weeks before he was to be released, to memorial of those we have lost due to @NYGovCuomo's inaction. Pay tribute, take a moment of silence, and take action in their memory #CuomoLetThemGo  
WATCH: A Long Island man who claims he had a nasty encounter with CNN anchor Chris Cuomo speaks out  …
Why is NJ saying you are awaiting federal guidelines for how to distribute unemployment extensions, when NY has it listed out very clearly how to apply for the 13 week extension!!!! @GovMurphy chat with @NYGovCuomo his state is able to get it done! @njdotcom there is no 
Awesome. We should all keep talking about how one of CNN’s anchors, whose brother is the governor of the state hardest hit by COVID, blatantly didn’t quarantine while sick and then pretended he did. I want CNN to “win” here so let’s keep it going. @NYGovCuomo,   …
We gotta get you a bubble. #staysafe
Astoria voted for @BernieSanders by 8 points in 2016 & for every other @nycDSA candidate by huge margins in every election since. We have the right to vote, add to Bernie’s delegates & ensure the party knows the left is here to stay. @NYGovCuomo wants to take that away from us.  …
Nobody should lose access to healthcare because they lost their job. #PassNYHealth @NYGovCuomo @AndreaSCousins @JamesSkoufis @Gaughran4Senate @Brooks4LINY @NYSenatorFelder @toddkaminsky @AnnaMKaplan @NYSSenatorMRM @dianesavino  …
Larry Hogan Could Be Governor For Life In Maryland For Doing The Impossible. Frustrated By The Quagmire, He Flew Over 45 To Acquire 500,000 Coronavirus Tests Needed To Keep People Safe. Some Governors Are Phenomenal @GovLarryHogan @NYGovCuomo @GavinNewsom  …
Everyone, let's help our Girl Scouts. I just bought $100. Love America! #USAStrong @realDonaldTrump @RudyGiuliani @TuckerCarlson @GavinNewsom @NYGovCuomo  …
Thank you to my @NatlGovsAssoc Vice Chairman @NYGovCuomo for these kind words. Maryland is with you and the people of New York every step of the way as you lead through this horrible tragedy.  …
Wish you stayed in NY and made a call instead. He's aware you're more popular than he is globally and will use you as a prop at his rally tonight; taking fully credit for everything you and the entire team is doing.
It’s not safe to protest #CuomoMedicaidCuts in person, so joined @brooklyn_grows' to tell @NYGovCuomo @AndreaSCousins @JamesSkoufis @Gaughran4Senate @Brooks4LINY @NYSenatorFelder @toddkaminsky @AnnaMKaplan @NYSSenatorMRM @dianesavino- #PassNYHealth!!
200+ Nurses. Physicians. Social Workers. Respiratory Therapists. PAs. Public Health Experts. Health Educators. EMTs. All calling on @NYCMayor & @NYGovCuomo to #ListenToTheFrontline & offer 30K hotel rooms to homeless New Yorkers:  
. @JasonMillerinDC: Ultimate power move in today's @WhiteHouse press briefing would be for @realDonaldTrump to invite @NYGovCuomo up to the podium #WarRoomPandemic  
@NYGovCuomo and the @NYSBOE are likely intending to use a technicality to override the will of the voters, NYS Dem Chair @JayJacobs28, and likely Dem Presidential nominee @JoeBiden in pushing to remove @BernieSanders from the NY presidential  …
. @NYGovCuomo controls the state prison system. When will he finally act to protect the lives of incarcerated NYers during #COVID19 crisis? #CuomoLetThemGo #ClemencyNow  …
We are 10 days away from May 1. At this point, we know we can't count on @NYGovCuomo to #CancelRent. He has shown time and time again that he does not care about tenants. So if he won't do it, we will have to #CancelRent ourselves. Sign the  …
This is great. The PILOT program was announced on yesterday by @NYGovCuomo with the listed developments. Those who choose to get tested should. Prayerfully this will be successful and then more developments will be able to receive testing too! @EastharlemD  …
WJP was online & at Bedford Hills Correctional Facility for today’s statewide @RAPPcampaign Day of Action, calling on @NYGovCuomo to release vulnerable people from jails and prisons across the state. COVID + Prison = Death. #CuomoLetThemGo #ClemencyNow 
Nolte: CNN Stages Chris Cuomo‘s Phony Exit from Basement Quarantine  … via @BreitbartNews
. @NYGovCuomo has actively fought against passing the NY Health Act for years. He's also cutting Medicaid during a public health crisis. It's not surprising that he's trying to keep out @BernieSanders delegates like me who support #Medicareforall  …
In NYC we have the NYPD in all  enforcing social distancing outdoors and in deli’s, pharmacies, supermarkets.. raiding house parties etc.. but  are unbothered, businesses operating as usual and not a mask nor cop in sight.. @NYGovCuomo 
. @BobDuffyROC responding to a question on timeline around reopening NYS: “Anyone who knows @NYGovCuomo knows he only operates at one speed: full speed. This job starts today and we  to getting the economy back on track while preserving public health.” 
NOLTE: "In the annals of propaganda, CNNLOL’s cynical and dishonest attempt to turn Chris Cuomo into some kind of selfless coronavirus folk hero is the fake newsiest fake news in all of Fakenewsdom." 
A New York State Police Beechcraft Super King Air 200 has landed at DCA from Buffalo. @NYGovCuomo is scheduled at the White House today. 
Our elderly are national treasures. @NYGovCuomo has not protected them. Nursing homes have  death chambers. Protect our elderly!What would Matilda think?
Deeply tragic. Leonard Carter spent 24 years behind bars and died a mere 6 weeks before his release date. @NYGovCuomo, you must save lives and release New Yorkers NOW before more New Yorkers die of COVID-19. #LetThemGo  …
Just saying @NYGovCuomo is on his own if he fucks up the NY Democratic primary and then NY’er are enraged for several years. Im here to defeat Trump. Unclear what the gov wants.
. @NYGovCuomo is single handedly trying to muck up the delicate process  together to defeat Trump. Every registered Democrat in NY deserves the opportunity to vote by mail for Bernie. It’s on Andrew if this exercise in arrogance harms  …
It’s not safe to protest #CuomoMedicaidCuts in person, so I'm using my Twitter account to tell @NYGovCuomo @AndreaSCousins @JamesSkoufis @Gaughran4Senate @Brooks4LINY @NYSenatorFelder @toddkaminsky @AnnaMKaplan @NYSSenatorMRM @dianesavino- #PassNYHealth!!
Thank you for being open and honest!! It's nice to know Governors like you @RoyCooperNC and @NYGovCuomo are looking out for us and DOING THE TOUGH JOB you've been elected to do! Please keep our kids out of school until they are safe !!! They want to see the grandparents again.
Let’s be honest @NYGovCuomo and @NYCMayor caused the spread of COVID across the country. First blowing it off then telling NYC people to leave town and now blaming everybody for their  …
40 cars in Albany, 30 at Bedford, 30 at Otisville, and 275 people joining by zoom. Everyone agrees: @NYGovCuomo grant #ClemencyNow. Meanwhile, 5th in-prison death at governor's hand was a man scheduled for release in a few  …
If we had a media that was doing its job, if the MSM wasn't so biased, we'd be hearing them ask questions like: 1) China, what REALLY happened with this flu? 2) @NYGovCuomo, why didn't you buy ventilators for your state years ago when you were alerted to the shortage? (more) 
COVID + PRISON = DEATH @NYGovCuomo #ClemencyNow 
Curious to know how that “loser biker” must have managed to  undetected into Cuomo’s basement last week to have the confrontation that Cuomo told us all about  …
Leonard Carter served 25 years. He was about to be released, but @NYGovCuomo decided to make him serve out his last five days. He died of  in Queensboro CF. This tragedy is squarely on your head, @NYGovCuomo  …
Thank you @NYGovCuomo Absolutely honored to do this. @RochesterChambr Bob Duffy named as special advisor to oversee reopening of Finger Lakes  …
Camila & son from the Bronx! @NYGovCuomo: People are suffering behind bars & deserve the ability to take the same precautions as those who aren't incarcerated. End this NOW & #CuomoLetThemGo! @RAPPcampaign 
. @FeinbergSarah & #patfoye please get @NYGovCuomo & @NYCMayor to get homeless to safe beds. Our subways should not be de facto shelter. Our essential workers including @NYCTSubway employees deserve a safer environment.  …
Truth. We disenfranchise voters if we don’t include return postage @NYGovCuomo  …
Or you can continue to buy into the BS, lies & manipulation & spend your life being scared. Before this virus unleashed by China & covered up by the WHO, America was doing great, we were nearly fully employed, prosperous,& safe. The virus is NOT DJTs fault, & we will be back.
Ha. Andrew Cuomo failed to prepare New York State for a possible pandemic long before it happened, even though there was plenty of time to do so. That's reactionary, not proactive leadership.
This is what @NYGovCuomo has created by failing to grant #ClemencyNow to vulnerable incarcerated NY'ers. Shame.  … @RAPPcampaign @WESPAC_NY @QueensLedger
So this is how our representatives respond to our cries for family members and loved ones to be spared from death? And we have the audacity to say NY is progressive? Shame on you @RichAzzopardi and @NYGovCuomo. My dad died in prison. This is not some game or time for pettiness.  …
Larry Hogan Could Be Governor For Life In Maryland For Doing The Impossible. Frustrated By The Quagmire, He Flew Over 45 To Acquire 500,000 Coronavirus Tests Needed To Keep People Safe. Some Governors Are Phenomenal @GovLarryHogan @NYGovCuomo @GavinNewsom  …
. @NYPANetwork's @gwalbro, who has led grassroots efforts to keep Sanders on the ballot, smells a power grab by Cuomo. “If they cancel, this is going to be horrific,” he warns, citing potential for intra-party dissension to hurt Biden. 
Translation= I'm heading to White House to beg for more federal money because I have wasted resources of my state. I have spent millions making sure illegals are taken care of in my sanctuary state, raised taxes so high businesses have been fleeing the state in droves.
Sure Cuomo used the budget to cut Medicaid during a pandemic, but least he got important things done too  …
So for protecting human health governors like @NYGovCuomo could face Legal Action from the @DOJ...do not tell me the @GOP @GOPLeader @senatemajldr and @realDonaldTrump are not visiting a #Genocide against #BlueStates and our citizens.  …
Yes, you’re correct. Andrew @NYGovCuomo should NOT be trusted since he had LIED about needing so many Ventilators, or hospital beds, lied about the PPE stockpiles, lied about needing USN Comfort. NEVER trust a Cuomo. 
Don’t just opine about Trump’s tweet. TAKE ACTION. The cruel and racist top-down failure of the US government must be  with bottom-up solutions: New York must ensure ALL immigrants get access to ALL aid. Send a message to @NYGovCuomo:  …
Pregnant people. New moms. Grandmothers. COVID-19 poses a serious risk to so many at Bedford Hills Correctional Facility. @NYGovCuomo, #LetThemGo  …
Noooooo. Please don’t go!!! Please stay in NY. Please stay safe and away from that creature! He’s evil and a hypocrite backstabber! Communicate with him via zoom or something!
We join with the many people across NY State demanding that @NYGovCuomo act now to save lives. We know that COVID + Prison = Death. We demand #ClemencyNow! #CuomoLetThemGo NOW! @RAPPcampaign @paroleprepny @VOCALNewYork @BlakeDontCrack  …
Great news for the democratic process in New York! We must now ensure mail-in ballots are postage-paid. @NYGovCuomo  …
We joined @RAPPcampaign & others for a socially distanced protest outside @NYGovCuomo’s mansion in Albany, demanding mass clemency amidst a rising COVID-19 prison death toll while allies were outside Bedford Hills Prison and Otisville Prison delivering the same message. 
Get ready for 102% participation, late counts, found ballots, multiple votes, dead voters, ballot harvesting, just plain old CHEATING.
Protestors gathered outside the Executive Mansion this afternoon to ask @NYGovCuomo for the release of NYS prisoners they say are at risk from COVID-19. #coronavirus 
Read this account on #COVID19 from incarcerated folks at Bedford Hills Correctional Facility:  … Then call @NYGovCuomo @NYSDOCCS #FreeSurvivors #FreeThemAll #FreeThemAll4PublicHealth.  …
"It just seems like more cars keep joining the Caravan..." -local workers rights leader in the #EssentialAndExcluded protest calling on @NYGovCuomo to take action! #YNosotrosQue?? #HappeningNow  …
Another example of why people like this should not draw public salaries. Their role is to protect the principal, in this @NYGovCuomo — by minimizing the concerns constituents — this isn’t a public service. In fact the opposite. NYers will die because Cuomo is ignoring prisons.  …
Keith Gillman, @VOCALNewYork Westchester Leader says " @NYGovCuomo find your heart. MANY more will die in prison. Not only are they prisoners to the system, but prisoners to the COVID, for they are unable to properly protect themselves!" 
HAPPENING NOW: Channel your outrage productively. Join the caravan demanding that Governor Cuomo include ALL immigrants in ALL New York pandemic relief. Click link below!!! #YNosotrosQue @NYGovCuomo?  …
Today we’re asking @NYGovCuomo, what is he doing to support immigrants in NY who are left out. We demand #Recovery4All 
“We are essential, somos esenciales!” That’s the word in New York today, what will NY State respond? #YNosotrosQue, @NYGovCuomo? 
Good News: It looks like New York is over the hump with the #TrumpVirus. Yesterday, there were 4,900 New Cases in NY a huge 55% decline from the record 10,800 cases, two weeks ago, on April 3. The governor @NYGovCuomo is awesome and deserves a big round of applause!!!  …
It's hard to believe all the sheeple praising CRIMINAL Cuomo. 
NY Governor Cuomo will be visiting President Trump at the White House today. Will he be bringing his legendary spaghetti and meatballs with him to make an exchange for a fiscal bailout? Cuomo shouldn't get a dime until he stops harboring illegal immigrants.
“Shame on you @NYGovCuomo. Grant clemency, not to one, but to all. When are you going to answer the call? This is cruel and unusual punishment. We are outside Bedford Hills where there’s a nursery inside. There are loved ones inside. #CuomoLetThemGo!” -Latisha 
Community members outside of Bedford Hills CR call on you @NYGovCuomo to grant clemency, not to one but to all. Covid + prison = death. 
Cuomo: “Thanks for everything you are doing for New York. But, we need more PPE, more financial aid. Trump: “No matter what I do, it’s never enough for you.” Cuomo: “Thank you, thank you.” Trump: “Have you seen my ratings? Go on tv with me today, say how great I am.” Cuomo: “No”
RAPP organizer @Alum1Cc speaking outside Otisville prison where he was held for 29 years. “I survived other public health crises while incarcerated here, and I know proper protective measures are not happening. @NYGovCuomo this is a public health emergency.” 
Protesters in front of Executive Mansion in #Albany calling for mass clemency for imprisoned New Yorkers, honking horns. @NYGovCuomo not at home, however. He's in DC, meeting with @realDonaldTrump.
Lazara Almonte, whose son is 4 months from release from Queensboro, says social distancing is impossible there. “I am pleading for @NYGovCuomo to free those who are within one year of release and all those who are older or medically vulnerable. My son’s life is in your hands.”
#CuomoLetThemGo. @NYGovCuomo we need #ClemencyNow so that we have 
We are joining virtually and agree with Barbara who shares, "I'm a senior and it's time to let Seniors go home, they've served their time." #LetThemGo, @NYGovCuomo  …
No parade. Just give them all a damn raise.
No. Nope. No. No. No. How stupid is BdB? Please @NYGovCuomo, stop this dangerous plan.  …
Essential workers are forced to choose between going to work & risking their health or staying home w/o $to put food on the table. Non-essential workers are told to stay home w/o relief $. @NYGovCuomo: You accept our labor, Accept our humanity!  …
Devastating: Leonard Carter, 60, was incarcerated at Queensboro Prison, just weeks away from his release date after serving 24 years. The day we protested outside that very prison, he died from COVID-19. @NYGovCuomo: #FreeOurElders!  … via @Noah__Goldberg
My father was alone all of Passover because of distancing but Cuomo’s dauther has her BF over for dinner? Cuomo’s data team are clustered in a group with no masks and they post the photo as if all is cool? This is SICK! Live wat we live for a week! cc @melissadderosa 
“Free my dad, free all parents, loved ones, and free our elders. Everyone who is incarcerated can be freed TODAY. They have loved ones to go home to who will take care of them. @NYGovCuomo, let them go” 
How about you just turn in your resignation, while you're at the white house? Do us all a favor.
 to reopen NY should be those who lost loved ones  are locked out from hospitals and there is lack of care. Moms who have a few students stuck at home. Seniors who have not met family in 5 weeks. Businessmen who lost everything! @RichAzzopardi
Today we are joining a caravan of immigrant essential and excluded workers to demand #Recovery4All from @NYGovCuomo! You accept our labor, Accept our humanity! #YNosotrosQue  
I was going to suggest 
My mother's landlord just sent an email saying if she can pay April rent with her credit card? Um NO. You won't get rent, cause she is out here trying to deal with COVID. She needs to survive right now, not try to figure out how to pay rent. #CancelRent @NYGovCuomo
COVID + PRISON = DEATH #CuomoLetThemGo Hey, @NYGovCuomo: Be a leader, not an executioner #ClemencyNow #FreeOurElders #FreeThemNow 
Cuomo can host meetings from home via zoom. But no. One day in Albany. Next in NYC. The other day in DC. The other day in a Chopper; the next day in an old vehicle. He should stay put like most everyone else; just for a week so he can make lockdown policy after feeling it.
HAPPENING NOW! #Nomoredeathcamps @NYGovCuomo !!! #releasethemNOW #clemency 
Joining all the brave advocates across the state who are outside Bedford Hills Correctional, @NYGovCuomo’s mansion, and Otisville Correctional to demand 
CONFIRMED: @NYGovCuomo has authorized outpatient elective surgeries in Monroe County. This is an excellent development that will do much good.
Last week, Andrew  on NY's progress against coronavirus: “The number is down because we brought the number down. God did not do that. Faith did not do that.” I explain the basic intellectual confusion undergirding this assertion here: 
Thank you @NYGovCuomo & @melissaderosa for convening this task force & bringing needed action for those seeking alternatives to hospital births. Numerous issues face pregnant ppl & the staff that support them during COVID-19, & I look forward to the task force's  …
Absolutely right, it’s now up to 43 people sent to Rikers on technical state parole violations since @NYGovCuomo said he’d release people held on technicals. Must pass #LessIsMoreNY to stop this  …
Today we rally at gov's mansion in Albany & at Bedford Hills & Otisville NYS Prisons because @NYGovCuomo has yet to save lives of incarcerated NY'ers by granting #ClemencyNow. His legacy so far? COVID + prison = death. #LetThemGo 
Well, at least you'll get tested by the fancy quick and very very limited Abbott machine. Wishing you a NEGATIVE.
Wear a face mask and gloves please
What are the chances that Donald tRump tells the truth about what is said during this meeting? @NYGovCuomo - For your own safety, please record this conversation.  …
“If you don't help the state government and local government, then how are we supposed to have the finances to reopen?" @NYGovCuomo - doesn’t that make it sound like he’s holding New Yorkers hostage? He was $6B in the hole before this started. When we were open. Pre-virus.
Chris Cuomo and CNN stage a fake coronavirus resurrection He makes it sound like this is his first time out of isolation even though he previously admitted to breaking quarantine on Easter Sunday when he & his family went for a drive!  …
For all the New Yorkers who think @NYGovCuomo is doing a good job this is REALITY.. Numbers don't lie, politicians do. 
He’s just going to lie and say you praised him and told him how great he is. Please re-think this.
Good luck with that. He will use you as a photo op and then screw you over.
He's a fraud installed by a hostile foreign power
@melissadderosa - if you are still looking for people to join this task force— I would love to volunteer. I am a well baby nursery hospitalist, was “COVID” attending during most of last month, and I have personal experience with home birth - my 7 yo was born at
A few short weeks ago, @NYGovCuomo said he was going to release people being held on Rikers due to technical violations. As of today, only a fraction of those 600+ people have been released. This is unacceptable. #COVID19  …
Today, day laborer and immigrant workers are leading a Caravan of #EssentialAndExcluded workers encircling @NYGovCuomo offices in New York City! #YNosotrosQue?! WHAT YOU CAN DO: Sign and Share the petition to Gov Cuomo:  @NDLON
I agree! You'll know the right thing to do - keep your distance and don't eat or drink anything! Funny, not funny
Citizens shouldn't carry the burden for @NYGovCuomo and @NYCMayor 
Now that NY is broke they want a partnership. Cuomo you spent money on illegals, dont ask the other states who abide by federal immigration laws to bail your state out. 
Across the border in Mass.: schools closed for rest of year. @NYGovCuomo has spoken about a regional approach to closings and re-openings, and @MassGovernor is part of the 7-state coalition he announced last week.   …
Cuomo literally played politics w his constituents’ lives! He knew they had ventilators, he knew HCQ/Zpac worked! He’s at the WH, prob begging for a bailout for his mismanagement!  #DemsHateAmerica @NYGovCuomo @OANN @RepLeeZeldin  …
So. . .you mismanaged you budget to a deficit of 6.1 Billion before Covid19 & now want to beg President Trump for money.
You should give joint press conferences
I do not understand that mentality at all. Basically healthcare providers can do as they wish with no accountability. It should be the opposite in a time like this when family can’t be present. It’s not like that with the flu or any other outbreak we’ve had.
Amen, Mr Governor We are all Americans
Trump will claim they are now best friends. Then, tomorrow probably , twist every word Cuomo said into a gotcha pretzel.
New York to resume elective outpatient treatments in select areas of the state that do not have a "significant risk" of a coronavirus resurgence in the "near future," @NYGovCuomo says. 
NY being host to the nation's most densely populated area is wrong? Lookup Manhattan. Poor management and leadership really has hurt the country, but we will get through this together.
New from me, just now: Less than a day after @WillABarclay and @NYSA_Majority proposed an extensive "Regional Start" policy, @NYGovCuomo says it's the "logical" approach  …
#YNosotrosQue, @NYGovCuomo? What about us in New York, what will we do to reject racist exclusions and include ALL immigrants in life-saving assistance? Sign the petition to Gov. Cuomo here: 
I wouldn't go. I would demand to teleconference. I don't trust the president's office is taking proper precautions for themselves just based on how Trump acts at his conference's.
Keep at least 6 feet away from our beloved @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
As @NYGovCuomo put it "Good" means not terrible news. The number of new NY cases-down from a day before. The  out of hospitals is greater than the number going in. But 1300 new hospitalizations in a day means this is NOT over. #OPENAMERICANOW remains #COVIDIOTS 
Keep your phone on record. Seriously.
If they offer you anything to eat or drink don’t take it Wish I was kidding
Bring a tape recorder
For your own protection, please record your conversation.
. @NYGovCuomo has signed an executive order that shields nursing home health providers from any malpractice lawsuits related to #COVID19. This is basically carte blanche for nursing home patients to be neglected & abused. The news is hiding this story, we need to spread it.
There are 163 billionaires in New York State alone. If we falsely assume the net worth of each one is only 1 billion and taxed them 10% (a tithe for the average person) we'd have $16,300,000,000, 000. That's just one way to pay for things @NYGovCuomo.
Yup ... he’s quite the leader 
. @CNN is acting like @ChrisCuomo has spent the last several weeks in his basement and only just emerged. But, Cuomo said on his radio show over a week ago that he was out with his family on Easter Sunday, which led to an altercation with a biker:   …
@melissadderosa: this is great news! I am working with a large group of OB/NICU/nursery/gen peds docs @nyphospital to put together our data on mother’s and infants to date. We hope to share our experiences as soon as possible. Mostly we have good news!
My sympathies to you Sir, but good luck anyway.
Record *everything*. And bring sunglasses to put on as you exit the building, à la Pelosi.  
And, livestream it so we can be witnesses to how it actually went vs how he says it went today in his Daily COVID-19 Rally.
"People need to dig deep and stay put. Wear a mask or cover your face in public. We are all in this together Massachusetts." #Coronavirus
Mass. has received 400 ventilators from the state of New York and @NYGovCuomo, Gov. Baker confirms. "We are enormously grateful." #Coronavirus
EDITORIAL | What @NYGovCuomo should ask of Trump in D.C. • Testing supplies: Only feds can coordinate nationally • $: We only ask for needs and help in a historic cataclysm • Unemployment • Waive FEMA costs, tax cap. Our board weighs in.  …
DO NOT LET HIM USE YOU!
You know what else is logical @NYGovCuomo ? Taxing the rich  …
He likes 2 scoops of ice cream. If offered chose one scoop for yourself...He likes to feel superior.
NY Gov. Cuomo on those who say they want to reopen because they don't want to take political heat. “If you don't want to take political heat, you shouldn't be in the political kitchen”  
We're excited @NYGovCuomo has assigned @LtGovHochulNY and @BobDuffyROC to oversee restart of the Buffalo/Niagara and Rochester/Finger Lakes economies. Those two understand -- and love -- people and economies of  Here are some photos of Kathy's visit to our 
Me too, Don is jealous of him, who knows ..I’d rather he didn’t go.
Thinking of this quote by your father a 
Good luck with that - his "word" is worthless.
Cuomo wants to work together with Trump. Trouble is, Trump does not want to work with Cuomo.
It’s been about 5 weeks since students filled the hallways here at the @RomeCSD. Tonight at 5&6 Superintendent Peter Blake discusses  about schools and the possibility of new forms of graduation. @WKTV 
"The overall curve is on the way down"  on 6th straight day of declining Covid-19 cases in New York 
. @NYGovCuomo on @GovLarryHogan acquiring 500k test kits from South Korea: “Larry Hogan is a better governor...god bless Larry Hogan, he really thought outside the box.” 
Thanks you for all you're doing, Governor, and good luck dealing with him... Maybe bring some Legos or something...
Even if for just a few minutes, it will be nice to have a real leader in the White House.
Honestly, @NYGovCuomo, the reopening of the hospitals and the movement toward regional reopening of the economy is a potentially huge blessing. You can't know how much people need this, and you have opened the door to their deliverance. THANK YOU!!!
Cuomo never flatters, only criticize
New York judges are still ruling that @NYGovCuomo’s executive order suspends time limits on pretrial jail. One judge cited the case upholding Japanese internment in World War II and said “collateral damage on liberty . . . can be dealt with later.” This is Cuomo’s legacy. 
Gov. Cuomo, Whatever you do dont let Trump talk you into dropping NY State Investigations!
He’ll still lie. Even with a video of him contradicting himself playing in the background.
Quack quack. Nice try. NYC is one of the most densely populated cities in the world. Andrew Cuomo is leading the state with a 87% approval rating. And the world is watching.
Please punch him in the face for me!
I strongly  that you bring him that bouquet of flowers, otherwise he’s never going to lift a tiny orange finger to help us
You'd need a full body condom to be within ten feet of Trump!
@Oddy4real @MrFeral_ remember when trump was talking about sections of state opening and everyone was attacking him, I can bet they won’t attack this guy just watch lol
Please, don't give away the farm. Or even your dignity. #MadKingDonald will take all you have to give and more. No pleasing him. You're only as good to him as your 
and you have the IQ of a rabbit, but of course that's an insult to rabbits.
You, sis, are a waste of good skin.
. @JasonMillerinDC: Ultimate power move in today's @WhiteHouse press briefing would be for @realDonaldTrump to invite @NYGovCuomo up to the podium #WarRoomPandemic Listen & watch 
Don't let him quid pro quo you.
Also, while you’re there see how that chair in the oval office fits you
Stay as far away from Trump and Pence as possible.
“It’s the hard times in life that make you better and make you who you are.” It was an honor to host @NYGovCuomo on our campus today! We are #BuffaloProud, #RoswellStrong, and #NewYorkTough. Together we will 
Don't take anything to eat or drink Trump offers you, stay safe I DO not trust Trump.
"I think in many ways we're talking past each other" @NYGovCuomo on unclear Covid-19 test responsibilities between state and federal governments 
You'd better record it, he'll lie about it later....
Governor Cuomo be like: 
Please wear gloves and a mask.
Just don't touch him. He's filthy and you don't know where he's been.
Keep your distance. Wash your hands immediately and wear a face mask .
It will be so great for @realDonaldTrump to meet a REAL LEADER!!! You!! Good Luck @NYGovCuomo
Mind your flattery as it will be used against you.
Don’t go we need you healthy my man just do a zoom call like everyone else and save 
Be safe. We need your leadership
You plan to cut school funding by 50-80% You will not be re-elected. You will not have the backing from the Teachers Union.. I hope your resume is in order... You'll be unemployed in 2022. @DonaldJTrumpJr for NY Governor!!!! #EmperorCuomo must go!! #FreeNY
I am heading to the White House to meet with President Trump to address testing. We need partnership between the states and the federal government. We will work together to ensure a safer, stronger future for everyone.
I hope @realDonaldTrump doesn’t give @NYGovCuomo one cent that isn’t directly related to this virus. They have been given more than any other state in this country.  …
Can you explain that to DonaldDunce when you see him? Also, I  bringing him that bouquet of flowers, otherwise he'll never allow us to test.
. @NYGovCuomo blames Trump for the ventilator shortage in NYC, claiming it’s like “bidding on eBay” to get them. Maybe you should use them on people, not dummies. 
COVID-19 'Survivor' Chris Cuomo And CNN Pretend He Just Left His Basement. But He Was Berating A Bicyclist On Easter Sunday.  … via @gatewaypundit
According to @NYGovCuomo office, There have now been 251,690 confirmed cases of #coronavirus in New York State.
Here's the thing @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor: By the time June rolls around, a whole lot of people will have realized they don't have to be here. They don't have to pay the HIGHEST TAX in the union for a substandard quality of life. When Wall Street wakes up,, NY is fcked #ReOpenNY  
. @NYGovCuomo on the latest federal bill: “I think it’s a terrible mistake not to provide funding for the states.” You can fund airlines, but not cops? “I don’t get it. That’s why I’m not in Washington.”
New cartoon: Leader of the free world? @realDonaldTrump @NYGovCuomo 
. @NYGovCuomo has tapped #ROC Chamber CEO and former Lt. Governor and Rochester Mayor @BobDuffyROC as volunteer special advisor to coordinate the Finger Lakes region's #COVID19 public health and reopening 
. @NYGovCuomo Cuomo needs to understand that ppl living paycheck to paycheck ARE losing money from the collapse of the Unemployment System. It's called LATE FEES, etc.  …
Joining @JohnKingCNN & listening now to @NYGovCuomo on testing: we don’t have enough testing ability because there is an international supply chain problem. It doesn’t make sense for each state to be procuring supplies themselves. We need a national coordinated effort #covid19
. @NYGovCuomo on unemployment backlog: “We have 1,000 people who are now working on that unemployment website and phone call system.” “They still can’t keep up with the volume. There’s nothing worse than being unemployed and nervous about a paycheck and you can’t get through.”
This is a huge blessing. We asked for regionalism in the restart, and @NYGovCuomo did it. That is MUCH appreciated. Also, Duffy and Hochul are good-hearted, honest and caring people who've shown an understanding of rural and urban issues alike. This is a big win.  …
Now @NYGovCuomo says just tell me what I have to do & I will dot it the same guy that said the President is wrong that it will be governors who make the decision to open ...this is happening right now with zero pushback from the media
"People are working seven days a week on it," @NYGovCuomo on the persistent problems with the unemployment insurance system in NY.
@NYGovCuomo @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @WHNSC @CDCgov @HHSGov Stop BullShitting ! The @WhiteHouse own the Approval/ Logistics/ Distribution of Test Test Test ! #Brix #Fauci @nytimes @NPR @FoxNews @CNN @MSNBC @WSJ 
. @NYGovCuomo couldn't agree more and I am so glad you brought this forward in your coronavirus briefings 
NEW from @NYGovCuomo: "The total hospitalizations are basically flat from where they were. The overall curve is on the way down and that is good news, certainly. The net change in hospitalizations is down. Net change in intubations is down, and that is always good news." 
. @NYGovCuomo: "The federal government has to take that national manufacturer supply chain issue...You shouldn't expect all these governors to go run around and do an international supply chain." Trump still isn't giving states the testing help they need. 
Happening now: @NYGovCuomo names @BobDuffyROC as special advisor to coordinate on public health/reopening strategy in the Finger Lakes region. Bob has, does, and will continue to support Gov. Cuomo’s remarkable efforts to both keep NY’ers safe and re-start the economy asap. 
This is cause for hope—but as @NYGovCuomo reminded us, the numbers didn’t go down by themselves. Social distancing is working. If it’s let up, without proper safeguards in place, then numbers will climb again.  …
Honored by this appointment/looking forward to getting to work. Thank you @NYGovCuomo  …
Focus of WH discussion with Trump will be testing and how federal government can help - @NYGovCuomo
I'm hoping Cuomo kicks him in the nuts then walks out. Of course, that won't happen, but that is my current fantasy.
Don't reopen too soon or you will go back to where you started from...In Italy we will be in lockdown until may 4th.
Honored to serve @NYGovCuomo in this capacity.  …
Wow, this is very rare. A democrat using logic! I have hope now
New York has 250 thousand cases of known #coronavirus. We have lost almost 15 thousand souls. Today, @NYGovCuomo goes to the Oval. How will Trump blackmail him to publicly kiss up for humane aid? Will Cuomo kneel? Because there is not ever enough flattery for the monster.
. @NYGovCuomo says State’s economy will be opening up separately by region. Appoints @LtGovHochulNY to oversee Western New York and @BobDuffyROC to handle Finger Lakes Region.
. @LtGovHochulNY, a Buffalo resident, will be in charge of supervising the re-opening in Western New York. @BobDuffyROC, who leads a business group in Rochester and was formerly lieutenant governor, will supervise things in the Finger Lakes, @NYGovCuomo said.
We will make reopening decisions in New York State on a regional basis. We recognize not all regions are impacted with COVID-19 in the same way. It's the logical thing to do.
. @NYGovCuomo says Lt. Gov. Kathy Hochul will lead reopening effort in Western New York 
. @NYGovCuomo plans to reopen on a regional basis. @KathyHochul will be in charge with public health and reopening strategy for WNY. @BobDuffyROC will be handling it for the Finger Lakes region. 
"We operate as one state, but you also have to understand variation," @NYGovCuomo says, suggesting some parts of New York may open before others.
NEWS: “We’re going to make re-opening decisions on a regional basis based on that region’s facts and circumstances based on the COVID virus,” @NYGovCuomo said.
"He really thought outside the box," says @NYGovCuomo of @GovLarryHogan acquiring 500,000 #COVID19 tests from South Korea, but says the federal government should help the 50 states acquire these adequate 
Cuomo on MD Gov Hogan: "He really thought outside the box and was creative."
Up until now testing was a private sector function. We never needed testing capacity on the scale we do now. Each state must be in charge of the labs in their state. The federal government must assist with international supply chain problems.
This video, like everything CNN broadcasts, is fake news propaganda. A coronavirus-infected Cuomo was hanging with his family on Easter Sunday outside his house and got into a confrontation with his neighbor on the street. The man filed a police report:  …
Cuomo briefing: elective outpatient treatment may resume in upstate counties with low Covid rates. @NYGovCuomo sets stage for earlier reopening in areas outside NYC metro. 
. @NYGovCuomo Coronavirus News Conference - LIVE on C-SPAN  
To be clear, @NYGovCuomo has tested less than 1% of all New Yorkers incarcerated in his prisons, and excluded 98% of vulnerable elders from his abysmal release plans. That’s not the leader we need right now. What we really need is  …
NEW: @NYGovCuomo says certain parts of state WILL be allowed to elective outpatient surgery in counties where they "do not have a COVID issue." No NYC, burbs, Albany, Erie, Duchess, and others.
April 12- 13 days later he is spotted outside his construction site, by bicyclist in E.Hampton. Bicyclist says Cuomo was with several people including his wife, his kids & another woman. *This is NOT the home in which he is quarantining.* Many missed that.  …
The State of New York is large and made up of very different regions. Each region is experiencing unique timing with the curve of this virus. We have to think regionally — and act based on the facts on the ground.
NEW: Total hospitalizations "basically flat...and the overall curve is on the way down," New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo says. Net change in intubations and daily rate of hospitalizations are both down as well.  
Just as ventilators and equipment were being moved from upstate to downstate, @NYGovCuomo says we can have his word that downstate will help upstate. @wgrz
NY Gov. Andrew Cuomo announces that 481 people died yesterday in the state of New York from coronavirus. It's still an unimaginably high number of deaths, but notably down from even just days ago.
I swear @NYGovCuomo Andrew Cuomo is on TV more than Spongebob Squarepants !!
BREAKING: 481 deaths in last 24 hours in NY, per @NYGovCuomo. Up from 478 deaths, in previous 24 hour period, reported on Monday.
NEW: @NYGovCuomo says there were 481 deaths in New York State due to #coronavirus in last 24 hours. There have now been 14,828 deaths total. There were 1,300 new #COVIDー19 cases reported at hospitals. That’s down from day before.
Last week RAPP Organizer @Alum1Cc said this outside of Queensboro prison: "They’re sitting there practically waiting to die." This week, it happened. An incarcerated man with COVID-19 died at Queensboro. More will die unless @NYGovCuomo grants  …
#BREAKING: @NYGovCuomo says #COVID19 intubations & hospitalizations are down again The daily death toll is flat...from 478 yesterday to 481 today
Hey, @NYGovCuomo - I couldn’t care LESS what you have to say about the rest of the country. Deal with your mess.
A lot of people have contacted me saying they hadn't seen this story before and asking for more details. Like, how do I know that Cuomo wasn't allowed to be out on April 12 or how do I know when he was diagnosed. I'm going to lay out the timeline in this thread.
"Overall the total hospitalizations are basically flat from where they were yesterday," @NYGovCuomo says from his briefing in Buffalo.
In Buffalo holding a briefing on #Coronavirus. Watch  …
This is what's happening every day in New York @NYGovCuomo #ynosotrosque #essentialandexcluded  …
For my followers who identify as #Cuomosexual (pop culture can thank @RandyRainbow for this festive addition to our lexicon) - and also for everyone who's following the New York Governor's leadership on #COVIDー19 - I wrote a profile of @NYGovCuomo.  …
Yesterday I was on hold for 1.5 hrs and the unemployment insurance representative hung up on me when I asked for her name. Today the line went dead after being on hold for 2 hrs. I’ve been trying to file a claim for 5 weeks. @NYGovCuomo
wow the exact moment Cuomo re-emerged into the Parasite house  …
Thank U for this link! Lord give me the ability &love to help these (your children). End this virus &let New york get back to working! Your children are in need, some more than others yet in need nonetheless. Please God show us a miracle today show our @NYGovCuomo his era..AMEN!
Chris Cuomo and CNN stage a fake coronavirus resurrection 
Over and over @NYGovCuomo fails NYC--depriving CUNY of needed funds, failing subway workers and requiring a car to get tested in Brooklyn. No Car, No Test! The Covid-19 Testing Site in Flatbush is Turning Away Walkups via  …
Fact check: false. After testing positive, Cuomo broke quarantine, took a stroll in East Hampton, and threatened a 65 y.o cyclist who has now filed a police report   …
So are NYC’s 4,200 “probable” coronavirus deaths—people who died in hospitals and nursing homes or at home while still waiting for a test—being included in any state or national totals, or are people just trying to forget about them? @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor
Chris Cuomo’s Jesus stunt makes perfect sense when you realize who his boss is and how we ended up with Donald Trump in the White House.
The legislative session is not over, despite what @NYGovCuomo says (or wants). Closing down state govt mid-pandemic is unacceptable. If 6 year olds can work remotely surely @NYSenDems & @NYSA_Majority can figure out a way! @AndreaSCousins  …
. @NYGovCuomo is holding his daily briefing in Buffalo. Will a question about water shut-offs be asked? City conducted 17,000 shut-offs from 2016-2019, and has not stated how many homes are still without water during #covid19. @PUSHBuffalo @PPGBuffalo @Andrea_O_S @TomPreciousALB
Today we are joining @RAPPcampaign and many others on a joint action calling on @NYGovCuomo to immediately release vulnerable people as #COVID19 spreads rapidly through his racist prison system. Join us!   …
Chris Cuomo, Recovered From COVID, Stages Weird ‘Official’ Emergence From Basement After Admitting He Left His House On Easter  …
Andrew Cuomo begged for a meeting with the @POTUS Apparently, NY's budget is failing and he wants to beg @POTUS to bail him out. NY spends millions on "undocumented aliens". Maybe their status as "sanctuary city" needs to change. Sanctuary Cities are illegal.
" @NYGovCuomo does not care about the lives of incarcerated people. If he did, then he would test every single person in prison and answer the nation's call for him to grant broad #ClemencyNow." Story by  …
10:45 AM: I’ll be joining @NYGovCuomo’s daily briefing on New York’s #COVID19 response at @RoswellPark in #Buffalo this morning. Tune in via the link 
For @bobmccarthybn and I, today's the 1st time in 5+ weeks that we've put on a tie. You have @NYGovCuomo's Buffalo visit today to thank for that. 
. @NYCMayor & @NYGovCuomo, over 5000 people agree: OPEN: 30,000 single hotel rooms for homeless NYers END: Street sweeps and criminalization of homeless NYers CREATE AND IMPLEMENT: A plan for permanent housing for homeless NYers 
TY @NYGovCuomo and @ReadyRes for launching this important initiative! Protecting the health and safety of NYC public housing residents must be a top priority & I am very thankful that my constituents in Queensbridge Houses will be included in the first phase of this  …
Still time to join us today for a statewide action at 1 pm outside Bedford Hills, @NYGovCuomo 's mansion & Otisville Correctional to demand #CuomoLetThemGo! If you cannot be there in person, join the demonstrations on zoom:   …
This is huge! @NYGovCuomo supporting Midwives and Doulas is the right thing to do, and it will save lives.  …
. @NYGovCuomo is doing his #COVID19 briefing in Buffalo today. I’m on my way. Look for full coverage tonight on @news10nbc
Clearest message is  with UNCONSTITUTIONAL LAWS ! @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor @USSupremeCourt @USSenate @USCongress @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @VP @ChanelRion @PressSec @USATODAY @BillOReilly @RudyGiuliani @newsmax @DumpCuomo @Gibson4NYS 
Because @NYGovCuomo has a $7-$15 BILLION deficit and the more COVID people admitted to hospitals, the more money NY State gets for COVID patients.
@JBPritzker IL too has spent recklessly and is $B in the hole, wants a bailout too after 50 years of Democrat control! Not a dime, cut taxes & spending, Gov. Pritzger!
And I live in Saratoga three hours north of ny, north ya know.
Meeting just in time to be paraded at #DailyBriefing. Strange that. Beware @NYGovCuomo. Pres T does nothing unless he can get an edge. Why is face to face essential? Stay safe & healthy.
#StayingHome can be lonely sometimes, but the reward of the sacrifice is greater then the time spent alone. We must not give up. We must #StayTheCourse so that we can be with one another one day soon. Please try and never give up!! I love you~Dagger” @NYGovCuomo 
Didn't he also beg for 30k ventilators when under 2,500 have been used so far and NY is currently sending their surplus ventilators to other states? I trust Cuomo as much as I trust the CCP.
Growing up, my next door neighbors were a married couple, both survivors of the camps. I remember they both had tatooed numbers on their forearms. My Mom explained to me about the camps.
There is NO EXCUSE for us waiting another day to have our claims paid! WEEKS still in pending. People have run out of food! @NYSDOLCommish @NYGovCuomo @voxdotcom @nytimes @washingtonpost @NYDailyNews @fox5ny @HuffPost @guardiannews Listen to OUR story!  
Love @GavinNewsom my governer. And @NYGovCuomo and @JayInslee !! Governors have a lot of responsibility now. The Red states are in trouble. #StayAtHome #dontdie
It's Tuesday, April 21, 2020. @nygovcuomo is headed to the White House to meet with @realDonaldTrump, which ought to be...interesting. Time to Rise and  …
. @NYGovCuomo to meet with @realDonald at the White House to discuss coronavirus 
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo: "Nobody disagrees that we want to get out of this situation. Nobody. You don't need protests to convince anyone in this country that we have to get back to work."  
Don’t do it @NYGovCuomo. We need you here in NY, safe and healthy. Don’t go catching the TrumpVirus.  …
Do the NY Republicans have enough sac to challenge this in court? -> NY @NYGovCuomo to Issue Executive Order Authorizing Vote-by-Mail for June Elections  …
If the shoe fits, wear it.
Why @nygovcuomo and his brother @Chriscuomo want people to Jump 2 New York right away to help the #Coronavirus and they want people to be “ #selfless “N volunteer WHEN THEY WERE NOT “Selfless”to CPP, and ruined their lives by punishing  @DanLairdMD @ThomasKlineMD
i wanna wake up and @NYGovCuomo is the president of the USA #king
You are going to be SICK TO YOUR STOMACH when you find out what’s really been going on in this world and RIGHT UNDER YOUR FEET in NYC. Saving the Children is just ONE of the many reasons President Trump will go down as the greatest president in US history. And, you’ll know soon.
#Covid19 has turned Governors into Dictators. @NYGovCuomo @govmurphy @GovWhitmer
At the daily Cuomo Promo the NY press has acted like his personal backup harmony chorus..we will continue to pull the curtain back on him! @NYGovCuomo @jessemckinley @JimmyVielkind @errollouis @NickReisman @ZackFinkNews @bern_hogan @MaxBlumenthal  …
NYers take care of each other in time of need. Keith Gillman, @VOCALNewYork Westchester leader & Yonkers resident says @NYGovCuomo : We demand you house NYers who are homeless in vacant hotel rooms & END police sweeps NOW! 
We're a ghost town out here in the NJ suburbs. The wild animals are reclaiming our town. More of them outside than people in the next-town-over-Walmart. But yup, liquor stores are busy. (I don't know what to think about that... nor why they're "essential".) But patience is waning
Chris Cuomo Emerges from Basement & Reveals Wife Is Also Out of Quarantine After COVID-19 Diagnosis 
CNN lied to you! @ChrisCuomo said it was illegal to read @johnpodesta's emails. #SethRich leaked emails to @wikileaks > murdered 5 days later! @NYGovCuomo covers to protect a pedophile network. GATE is real! Watch it  Wake-Up 
What Cuomo has done for us is true leadership. Much respect to that guy @NYGovCuomo
Francis (Albany, NY) says @NYGovCuomo & @MayorSheehan: #HomelessCantStayHome ! Dedicate hotel rooms to protect & house homeless NYers NOW! @VOCALNewYork @CPDAction @neighborstogthr @pthny @housing4allNY 
Brian Stelter said in his newsletter that Cuomo’s wife contracted COVID-19. Cuomo in his Jesus video says she doesn’t have it. Cuomo was also witnessed on record at another property 60 miles from his basement. How is this not a colossal Milli Vanilli like scandal for CNN?  …
So, @NYGovCuomo, the antibody  out are showing God's Herd Immunity is working, just like it always does every year with viruses. God did this, not you.  … @FoxNews @TuckerCarlson @IngrahamAngle #coronovarius #CoronavirusUSA  …
Tuesday happenings at the White House for President @realDonaldTrump, April 21, 2020: 4:00PM Meet with the Governor of New York @NYGovCuomo 5:00PM Coronavirus Task Force press briefing #POTUSschedule #WWG1WGA #TBIYTC 
You’re NOT SOCIALLY DISTANCING!!! You’re in trouble. Hey @NYGovCuomo AOC isn’t doing it right!!!! She’s much too close. Do something!!!!
lol this is objectively false, Chris Cuomo was out and about before this. Stunning dishonesty here but really just totally unexpected as well.  …
None of those "@" care...so I sent it to @realDonaldTrump
It's an established fact that Chris Cuomo was out of his basement and not in quarantine at his East Hampton home before Easter  … This video is theater ... and not  …
Similarly, @NYGovCuomo has been magnificently clear & informative.
Cuomo broke the story himself on his own radio show, talking about wanting to fight the guy who called him out for breaking quarantine. This is nuts.
What sort of gaslighting is this? Chris Cuomo didn't just emerge from a basement quarantine - I mean, the guy got in a well-publicized fight with a biker outside of his second home in the Hamptons on Easter. This is ... pretty shameless stuff by CNN.   …
Chris Cuomo riding out quarantine in his basement for weeks is a banana.
So how is Cuomo just  out of his basement for the first time, but just last week, him and his family were at another one of their properties, where a concerned citizen let it be known they were breaking the coronavirus protocol set by his brother?
Could America's beloved allies contract a manufacturing deal with US Corporations to retool their machinery to produce PPE & Ventilators- Canada, England, UK, Australia, Germany &others to circumvent Trump's maniacal hijacking & withholding PPE from American states? @NYGovCuomo
Stop giving tax cuts to billionaires
I hope every church in the state sues. Bankrupt the state. More than it is already. Cuomo deserves it.
@NYGovCuomo & @GavinNewsom: listen to frontline health workers who are risking their lives for us when they tell you: YOU CANNOT PUNISH YOUR WAY OUT OF A PANDEMIC! #healthcarenothandcuffs #FreeThemAll4PublicHealth #ClemencyCoast2Coast #FlattenTheCurve Photo from 
Trump probably will read just the "thank you" part. The part about Maryland having to get CV tests from South Korea should embarrass him!
People in NYC are dying in their homes due to #COVID19 and the bodies are being left there for days. Grieving Woman: “I say shame on you Mayor de Blasio! How dare you! You can’t blame that sh*t on Trump. You can’t blame that sh*t on Cuomo. That’s all you Mayor de Blasio!” 
Is this a joke? Yes, this is from Stelter's newsletter. Chris Cuomo was in East Hampton 8 days ago. This is bananas. 
Cuomo just said you’re allowed to have one new person over but only for sex and then they have to stay with you and keep having sex with you (like not in a cult way just cause they think ur so hot and they want to). Please pass along. This is for NYC only.
TAKE ACTION: We are joining the movement to call on @NYGovCuomo and @GavinNewsom to grant #ClemencyNow to elders and others vulnerable to #COVID19. This is a public health crisis and it is beyond time to #LetThemGo! 
Chris Cuomo ''Finally'' Leaves His Basement and Reunites With His Family After Coronavirus Quarantine 
I mean how do journalists get angry at seemingly healthy people going to the beach, but have nothing to say about Stephanopoulos and Cuomo refusing to self-quarantine AFTER they tested positive for COVID-19?
Gov. Cuomo @melissadderosa stated himself on several occasions during his Covid-19 briefings:”the need is what needs to be addressed”, and “money should follow the need”. If anyone, Gov. is the one who now clearly understands the need for the money to follow the students!
It’s  a daily routine for my 2yo daughter and I to watch @NYGovCuomo to get updates and feel a sense of calm, direct leadership. As my daughter says it, “Thank you Dabla dabla Cuomo!” @somegoodnews @johnkrasinski 
Don’t go @NYGovCuomo! Don Pandemic is probably a carrier, yeah? His viral load’s gotta be sky high.  … #coronavirus #COVID19 
WHY IS THIS @NYGovCuomo ? You want these ppl to get sick & die? Is that why you let them congregate? Or are you afraid of their retaliation? You speak long enough on the news, let's hear your explanation 4 this soon!  …
Thank you Gov Cuomo you have givin us great courage in the most difficult time Thank you for your work ethics and wisdom
Wrote about the need for #cannabis clemency in @theGrio today (cc: @equityorg, @lastprisonerprj, @NYGovCuomo).  …
This is “patient dumping.” @NYGovCuomo Worse, Nursing Homes & Skilled Cares don’t have the same standard of care as hospitals, don’t have critical care capabilities or negative pressure rooms & the “doctor/nurse to patient ratio” is SIGNIFICANTLY higher. BAD. @realDonaldTrump
Yup. Just like he want to play the @NYGovCuomo video, thinking the thanks were sincere.
Fake news media people like Cuomo and George Stephanopoulos tell us to stay home while they travel to the Hamptons and walk around town knowing they have the Wuhan Coronavirus. Hypocrites.
The fact that New Yorkers aren’t up in arms over @NYGovCuomo’s absolute refusal to tax billionaires is how I know without a doubt Trump will win in November. Cuomo is untouchable, what does that make Trump?
This will be devastating to districts already suffering from 12 years of underfunding. This will causes another decade of underfunding to the neediest learners. @OssiningSchools @Oss4FairFunding @jessvecc08 @beatagorlice @dkschneids
Hope @NYGovCuomo Is Bringing Trump Something From Zabars! @ChrisCuomo @Yamiche  …
. @NYGovCuomo teamed up w/ @McKinsey, a disaster-capitalist consultancy, to develop a “safe” & “economic” plan to reopen NY. The consulting firm puts profits and the interests of its beneficiaries over the well-being of working-class people.  …
Enroll ur pts in  to benefit from remote multi-denominational prayer @realDonaldTrump @AnthonyFauciUSA @NYGovCuomo @covidperspectiv @COVIDNewsByMIB @Covid19Docs @MountSinaiNYC @HCAhealthcare @CMichaelGibson @HeartOTXHeartMD @DLBHATTMD 
NYers who are claiming unemployment can not get benefits @NYSLabor ! @CNN @FoxNews @NY1 @News12NY @NewYorker @nytimes @NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor @SenSchumer @abcnews @NBCNews getting messages punishing them for trying to follow 
SHAME ON YOU . @GStephanopoulos!! Many East Hampton locals are high risk, including my family. You're endangering LIVES! The mask doesn't work when you wear it around your neck, you selfish, entitled imbecile! @SteveBellone @NYGovCuomo @RepLeeZeldin STOP IGNORING 
January 2020 @NYGovCuomo : “ WE HAVE AMPLE RESOURCES TO PROVIDE FREE HEALTHCARE TO ILLEGALS !! MARCH 2020 We don’t have enough resources to care our own citizens during #coronavirus crisis ... #DemocratsAreEnemiesOfAmerica 
It's a privilege to support your critical work on the NYS Council on Women & Girls especially now as we address the needs around COVID-19 related maternity care and health disparities. Thank you @Melissaderosa & @NYGovCuomo  …
I can’t look at NY Gov Cuomo without thinking how ridiculous it is that he has pierced nipples.
Trump’s meeting with @NYGovCuomo will be at 4pm tomorrow in the Oval Office, per the WH
