New Zealand reported its first suspected case of the coronavirus infection on 31 January #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus
The first suspected coronavirus case in Botswana was registered on 30 January, announced the Ministry of Health and Wellness on 31st January. #CoronavirusOutbreak
#Cipollone should be a witness NOT on the defense team. #CallTheWitnesses #ripgop
#Cipollone is the Senates Devin Nunes. They’re both know the whole story. They’re both arguing against it. Exact definition of gaslighting. #WeWantWitnessesAndDocuments #WeWantWitnesses
#Cipollone is the Senates Devin Nunes
True story Zar but if theyre gonna penny pinch in the summer id rather wait
How the Corona Virus 
pretend im a roblox admin and I gave you infinite roux and premium your 9th emoji is youre reaction
I update my roblox avatar like every 5 days for some reaon.. pls help me fix that...
I hope my wife can make it like this one day ... she is still learning
Leanne said she doesn't catch feelings she catches flights lmao 
YOU GET CHINOISED
The future #tezos  …
hahahahaha
Probably want to include the best athletic program in  …
10/29/2000 4/21/2007 5/3/2008 - GRAND PRAIRIE 7/8/2008 7/15/2011 1/27/2020 6th time played this decade
Oh putain non
Ye lo , ek Aur fixing 
It’s absurd @jessenewell should not be allowed to vote anymore
Was a legend on the court and just getting started in what would have been just as meaningful a second act. To lose Gianna is even more heartbreaking to us as parents. Michelle and I send love and prayers to Vanessa and the entire Bryant family on an unthinkable day. 
Thanks, @RiddianGames for the follow!
 home brother to the boyhood club IGHALO
South Korea has confirmed 11 cases of the virus. #coronavirus
You serious? Why did nobody inform me of this
You missed the point of the tweet you weapon
Oh damn, it 
You’re breaking your own record of being roasted by bungie
What a dick  …
Ok t'est mort
This will also eliminate the temptation to speed up between cameras. Surely this is a much safer and cheaper option for everyone involved. #scrapsmartmotorways
Instead of these money draining procedures, why not just leave the average speed cameras up? They have to be more cost effective and will stop any driver going above the 70mph speed limit at all times. Or any speed that they are told to do for any section of road!
Have you  sense? It when these apparent smart motorways are being built, that’s when our motorways are at their safest. There is an average speed check which prevents drivers speeding up and slowing down between cameras. Traffic flows more consistently and safely!
Astaga
bikin amandel
not nice!
NCR nahi NRC hai Love Day  …
Fixed it ... happy now ? 
What are you even talking about? What does this mean? We have to talk politics during the super bowl? This makes no sense
That tweet belongs in a Christmas cracker.
That has nothing to do with this - nice try
He's aassive upgrade on the shite we've got at the minute. Another wasted window down to penny pinching. Summer will be the same.
True story mate
If it is your personal thinking then you should not post on social media ... you should keep it to yourself ... #JustSaying
15 balles pour une nuit sans infection
He's a shit hype job
Pipe down you scruffy journeyman
High level grappler smashing someone against concrete, you sure?
 back coach
