Happy Birthday to The one of The greatest minds we have encountered in this Cave of Uturu (ABSU). May you live to know only good in good health and prosperity! HAPPY BIRTHDAY FROM ALL OF US @NgLoudspeaker  …
What a legend. Incredible you played with him so recently - what a blessing. God bless Pete Dye
She made me some already. I want what you’re making!
We celebrate a great man and gentle soul, humble and lover of Good things, Sir your support have really been genuine and we hope your new year be the best of the rest!!! ... HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU FROM ALL OF US…  …
wow. I thought according to Hinduism, a person’s birth is determined by their deeds in their previous life. So how can you not have control over where and how you are born? Btw your Hindu shastras prohibit overseas travel. Look up samudrayana.
The problem with people like you is that you don’t live in India and don’t know the reality here. But you get your news from Indian media that are well known to sensationalize and spread fake news regardless of political leanings. (2/2)
I fucking hate it
Brando from the top rope!! I love the Mavs. I far prefer CBB to NBA
At least we knew the fucking vibes #IranvsUSA 
Me: Lol they only want trumps head JUST IN: US Base hit Me: 
I don't know what to tweet with my daily tweets so this is it ;-;
Amount of time that @realDonaldTrump has mentioned hoax in a paragraph is life threatening
@sonjoshow12 says this in messages "I dunno ill try" for codes in Its Robloxia...
Quad #PS4share  
#MIGUNAMIGUNA He has been blocked in Germany the way he blocks people on Twitter. ....
Tomorrow is our Ethiopian Christmas please give your wishes to  …
I Wish Happy Christmas to all 
Wow lmao that’s pretty funny as well
Maehwa Succession - My Honest Review  @YouTubeより
It's blacked out here.
No life boy
I think the necklace too can be added in the list
Unfollowing
Done
I want some
Hahahahahahah
Rising up for what? Muslims and Hindus in my region live in peace and don’t care about fighting for superiority over each other because there are other important issues to worry about. The average H and M man in India live in a shit condition regardless of religion. (1/2)
What gear you putted to them?
One of the best stories in CBB - @freddieg_33 ! @BaylorMBB
I'll be back in 1 hour!
We all deserve nudes sent to us
Ouch
ALSO GIRL IM TRYINA ORDER MY BREAKFAST AT 11PM LMAOO $adrianbalencia ily
Tomorrow is our Ethiopian Christmas please give your wishes to me
Finally! #Laikastudios deserve it after a long  …
@SethDavisHoops maybe you’ll put @BaylorMBB in the top 10 finally...
No Baylor in big 12 list....
