BY ACTUAL SCHOOL: aggy 4 and 1 is a punter; UT 4; TCU 7; Baylor 6 - congrats on other teams nfl prospects? @kyleumlang
People of Abrahamic religions should put their differences aside (for a while) and unite against Hindupoo pagans.
G translate - Huazhong University of Science and Technology professor Hong Ling died of new coronavirus due to ineffective treatment died at Xiehe Hospital, only 53 years old. It is reported that Hong Ling was doing basic research in the direction of genetics, molecular biology.
How is this not illegal??? #cryptocurrency #crypto #bitcointrading #bitcoin  …
Loads of em on the hill mate
Would be nice to see it broken down by school....LSU has 17? They also have 14 teams. There’s no doubt AL/LSU/GA are all loaded...probably Auburn too. But these raw numbers aren’t the full story and you, @KirkHerbstreit etc should know that
English G Translate : Is it mandatory to lock the door with an iron chain? The owner said: Wht if the gas leaks? Wht if I'm sick? Can you open the door the fastest? The ridiculous thg is going on one after another, the so-called gr8 power has bn revealed drg the virus period.
#thailand confirms 7 new #coronavirus cases. New total is 32...will post source here
An American woman died from the #coronavirus in #Wuhan, - A Japanese man suspected to have contracted the #virus also died in the Chinese city - Death toll now at 724 globally
 …
Skrill online payment to bank account, forex brokers, gambling any many more anywhere. No fees. No FX mark up. Totally FREE.  …
. @WHO has advised against travel restrictions & instead identified 13 top priority countries in #Africa to be particularly vigilant.  
lives in many countries .. I can bet they are all same .. it’s genetic disorder they have ..
i was born in roblox did u kno that? this is my 
i love roblox and minecraft as a fact
The authorities in Shanghai have confirmed that a 7-month-old baby girl has contracted the virus. #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus
Hong Kong’s hospital authority says hospitals in the territory have admitted 64 people in the last 24 hours showing symptoms of coronavirus. #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus
A Belgian woman who was on a repatriated flight from Wuhan on Sunday has tested positive for the coronavirus, Belgium’s health agency has announced. #CoronavirusOutbreak
It depends on their level of religiosity.
I don’t think women getting educated is a bad thing. It’s just that most unis and colleges are co-ed and we don’t want men looking or talking to our women.
You any proof?
Please, could someone translate in English ??
Personal experience
lisa blackjack
Justin Bieber's music saved my life, I was in  and the nurses put on one of his songs and I instantly woke up to turn that shit off
Kenyans are behind you 2 leaders. Thank you!
Dr check 'n 
Nithimpu with 777ahesha 
Well Done Alaya #JawaniJaaneman
*Destiny - Damn I hate my dyslexia Dx -
Woah, Dab is so 2017
#CrimeTime should be getting an update soon!
What for 6 straight years ?
Hello any English subtitles ?
Sometimes you gotta fly away, go to your hideaway. It gets real but I can feel you if you gotta stay. And I ride and stay fly so if I die today, “A hard head makes a soft ass” that’s what my momma say.
If they was serious about rebuilding they would acquire targets to replace the ones we’ve shifted on. That’s not been the case though.
Maybe not if you take the steroids away
10 goals is  …
His more than lingaurd,  ..like it or yes
All mad
Date & Year : 9th Feb 629 AD
Update - Total Confirmed 14,627 - Total Deaths 305 - Total Recovered - 345 #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak
Bitter  …
U must be mad..who is better than him
He doesn't.
Stick him in his Volvo and sling him back Molde
Your point??
