@Hermesparcels Please can you explain why my parcel has not yet reached @amazon you have had it since 8th January! This is a return and has to be there in the next couple of days... your automated service is appalling... your customer service is appalling! Please get this 
Man is very awful the tower drop, no kori blade, no mask and no bomb and is my fourth run
Hahaha
A liar always be a liar... she won’t  …
But what about title ix? And TAXES they’ll have to pay TAXES you know? (This is a sarcastic tweet)
It's actually brilliant you think a decision loss isn't better than being finished. Retarded take.
Yes I'd rather be sunken on my arse at the end of the fight as well. Beats standing waiting the decision hey?
Again explain what Conor did that made  Making the best in the division work for 5 rounds 
Air Asia is the worst carrier on the planet .... I guess they were right , you should really be grateful ...
If dogs could write, they will write the same thing other way round .. To a human pearl has more value than a bone .
nice  …
Lotta conservative law makers who support economic and property rights too - this is not a “woke” issue
The following roads will be regraded effective later this month. Name of Road. Name of Parish 1)Nakabango-Kakira Road Namulesa 2)Wakitaka-Idogolo Road...  …
@Hermesparcels so dropped a parcel at my local shop over two weeks ago.. tracking online has said it’s on the way back to Amazon. This is for a refund and it’s nearly past the date. Tried calling but your automated system is terrible. This needs resolving quickly! Bad service!
Renukamma to day going to tiptur 
Good point! I just played there last week. Probably should’ve read them all. Incredible track! Redan, punch bowl, and more
That’s season 1 wrestle mania John cena but with the summer slam 17 Halloween image
Whole time you’re the only option and I just want to rearrange your guts one good time
The whole world will embrace Islam. Where will you go then?
Why do you live in London? Go back to your 3rd world nation.
What’s this song called?
 …
15 RETWEETS
Perfect Indian tv news ..
nice!!
U don’t make it, u can do it in the actual game
Is it that bad?
fb dong hmmm
I expected nothing and I´m still let down bruh :v
Going off his recent quote about blowing his budget on the couple we bought in the summer suggest he’s not got much unless he sells. Sad state for such a huge club.
The management that keeps getting binned off ? Exactly why we aren’t challenging. Buying players that aren’t cut out for the top.
NIGERIA
Only belt he’s got is the one holding his skinny jeans up. Whopper
Fickle clowns
Yes mate obviously. He had chances and he fluffed them. His work rate is always questionable. Plays like he’s not arsed.
Don’t worry. Glazers will give us another 60million in the summer to rebuild the squad
So basically City aren’t the greatest PL side ever ?
Keane hit the nail on the head regarding Martial. He’s not Quite good enough.
Fred was top drawer today. Shame he’s surrounded by average players
But he did, he’s bang average and extremely lazy
He had chances and fluffed them, he’s karzi
Get back in the kitchen
Where you watching from ?
Nar he does Judo
Did he tell you he was 6ft 5 yet?
confirmation that you are in fact an absolute virgin. Do you have pictures of Bruce Lee on your wall?
There you go. Martial FC. He’s wank
Not sure which one you are but you both look pathetic.
Id rag doll you, just had a look at your profile pick. Proper tool.
Whopper
Some right crying going on.
You’ve spoken to them all personally?
You wear a gold chain on the outside of a turtle neck. Your opinion doesn’t count.
No let him carry the water instead, he’s wank.
What majority you speaking of ?
Fuck off you mug
Not saying he’s the problem just pointing out he’s a lazy shite.
Ano mate, my mentions are full of them.
Martial FC up in my mentions. Get in the bin
My opinion, yours doesn’t matter
Thanks for the insight Hurricane Gilly
Spitting truth
Cant buy unless we sell. Penny pinching yanks
If I hadn’t seen the team sheet I wouldn’t even know he was on the pitch
Martial is a lazy twat. if the balls not at his feet he can’t be arsed, fuck him off with that other french cunt in the summer
Getting smashed anyway. Nobody wants the ball, wasted passes galore backward sideways dogshit
Negative shithouse football and we’ve got fuck all on the bench.
He’s one of the most easiest fighters to hit in that division. Exactly why they use it as  back fight. Big name that’s over the hill and easily beatable
Ok make that 2 kids
Beat a stiff old cowboy
Iv got 4, can spare one
David you’re a very poorly man
I’d donate one of my kids to medical science to get a result here today
