Me i didn't like  To you guys that did... Drop testimonies abeg
This thread gonna be slim to none
Wed: look in mirror, see gut... "I need to go to the gym." Thur: look in mirror, see bigger gut... "I really need to go to the gym!" Fri: look in mirror, see the stay puft marshmallow…  …
Team Atun
8 days @jjoyceatx  …
I am opening-up my Roblox Jailbreak VIP server for 1v1s!  …. Comment on this tweet if you cant get in or the ink is expired!
@sonjoshow12 when are you going to start working on #CrimeTime again? I'd <3 to know!
For you my charge. Take me, take me everywhere you want to go
I agree with her ... isn’t being CHINKI Pandey’s daughter a struggle ??
Farhan Bhaiya .. Pls cast Kunal kapoor in one of your movies
Why did you write this post if you don’t care ?
Just getting fucked bigtime as my new year gift And And And And He said I'm asking for much
Hi please drop Starbucks hot coffee  ty
My biggest pet peeve - playing so many games that its impossible to keep track of - let’s play left/right, 2 ups, hammer, scotch, closest to pins, and sandies - just pick a match/value and go with it. Rotating 6 holes is ok bc it’s simple...skins simple too. Match play the best!
3 DAY 
It's established that Twitter's more addictive than a cigarette, imagine what happens when one watch porn here too. Twitter
At Addis Ababa Ethiopia at 9:30 pm local time afternon
Happy New Year to Chelsea fans and the world, who celebrate new year today, except my country Ethiopia's new year is on September. I'm from A.A  …
@LupeFiasco Excuse me, sir. When will you be In Philly? Inquiring minds would like to know
Escalation protocol... three times
@BloxburgNews what  in the next update?
Princess Jasmine aura
Revenge of the Sith  …
 …
It’s really not even debatable - @BaylorAthletics was the best athletic department in the state Texas the last decade @ctsteckel @Beltrefan 2 big 12 football title another title appearance. 7 NCAA tourney 2 elite 8; 4 sweet 16. NIT title. WBB championship; baseball etc very good
Why no @Jonathan_Tyler this year @granadatheater??? Big tradition...very disappointing to see. New Years isn’t the same without it
Did you go to Radford?
I'm playing Jailbreak with friends on camera so join me!  on this Tweet if there is some reasons you can't  …
Never knew they had liquid toilet soap those days 
Poor man, if he return to console will be roast and will burn :vvv
Once again 100% 
Jailbreak
Delete your account
The #4 seed has 2 titles. #1 seed has never won. Nice knee jerk reactions today by you @joelklatt and others. People want an actual PLAYOFF yes. Absurd overreactions to 1 game today
I am doing a ROBUX GIVEAWAY incase you didnt hear on my YT vote when we should do it! Voting link down 
