When you were trying to have a chill day and someone asks you if you think Coronavirus is pandemic karma for mankind’s sins 
Coronavirus. Ebola. SARS. Zika. The last few decades have seen a spate of new viruses jump species, with devastating consequences. That's not an accident—that's habitat destruction. 
BREAKING: Another fourteen new coronavirus cases confirmed in Italy
Inter Milan's Serie A game tomorrow has been postponed amid coronavirus fears. The Italian government has called off a number of sporting events after a second person died from the virus. In full:  
Italy reports 14 new cases of coronavirus, raising the day's total number of new cases to 57  …
The UK Foreign office is advising against all but essential travel to Daegu and Cheongdo due to the ongoing coronavirus outbreak. The government of South Korea has designated Deagu and Cheongdo cities as “special care zones” following a growing number of cases of coronavirus.
Local health departments around the U.S. are scrambling to monitor thousands returning from travel in China and elsewhere for the coronavirus. It means checking in daily by email, phone or text, and in some cases, arranging groceries and isolated housing. 
How can this happen? Millions of lives are on the line. Do you have any idea what happens if this gets loose in NYC or LA? God Help us Trump is 'furious' about bungling Diamond Princess coronavirus evac  via @MailOnline
BREAKING: 96 new coronavirus deaths in Hubei province
JUST IN: Serie A games scheduled for tomorrow suspended due to coronavirus outbreak in Italy
BREAKING: Italy reports 59 new cases of coronavirus today, 79 cases in total.
Examining the #Coronavirus on @TalkIsJericho NOW! @thefepodcast & the mysterious @Russianvids11 return to theorize if the disease is all that the media claims, @CDCGlobal evidence, involvement of the #SatanicGovernment, how long it will last &  …
#Coronavirus cases CASES DEATHS 76,918 & 2,441 768 & 3 433 & 2 89 79 & 2 70 & 2 35 35 28 & 5 26 & 1 22 16 16 15 13 12 & 1 10 9 9 3 & 1 3 2 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 TOT 78,615 & 2,458 dead #COVID19 
“During the coronavirus outbreak, no one is allowed to play poker or Mahjong.” 4 people who played Mahjong together were forced to parade on the street carrying the tablet amid the 
“The Friday Prayer Imam of the religious city of Qom, the epicenter of coronavirus outbreak in Iran, told his congregation Saturday that U.S. President Donald Trump targeted the city with coronavirus ‘to damage its culture and honor.’  …
BREAKING - #Italy locks down the hospital Schiavonia in #Padua amid the #COVID19 outbreak. The 300 patients, 150 doctors, and nurses are quarantined and are not allowed to leave the hospital until they have been tested for the #coronavirus.
Coronavirus in Iran: Iranians are scared and angry as the find out their government has been lying to them and their media was instructed not to report on the coronavirus outbreak as it rapidly spread from the religious city of Qom to other cities  
Don't buy China's story: The coronavirus may have leaked from a lab  … via @nypost
Trump panicked that bumbling US response to COVID-19 coronavirus could derail his re-election campaign: report  …
Italy’s Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte said he’ll ban travel to and from the areas of the country which have been affected by the coronavirus outbreak as the number of cases surged to 76.
New study suggests that coronavirus may be transmitted by faeces as well as by aerosol droplets, which raises the possibility that uncooked food, or pre-packaged food may be a source of infection too!  …
CoronaVirus - COVID-19: Scientist wanted who can answer some questions for me. DM me here.
The lesson of this week is that "avoiding China" is not a catch all quick fix to tackling the Coronavirus. Are we now going to see a mass boycotting of Pizza Parlors and Italian restaurants throughout the world?
#coronavirus A woman has tested positive for the new coronavirus after disembarking from the quarantined cruise ship. On Feb 14, the woman on the ship tested negative for the virus. She got off the ship on Wednesday after the 14-day quarantine period ended  …
Dr John Campbell asserts today that NHS statement claiming UK well-prepared for #COVID19 is "absolute nonsense" "How can we criticize NKorea, #China, #Iran for not telling us the whole truth if the official voice of the UK govt is telling me we're well-prepared.." #Coronavirus 
There are only 35 confirmed cases of Coronavirus in the U.S Fox News just reported, but the U.S govt was going to move 35-50 cases yesterday, whose lyin'
Working at the emergency room is scary. #Coronavirus is just a reminder to everyone how dangerous it is to care for people as a doc/nurse. I don't care about my own safety per se, but its hard to go home to your family not knowing if you're infecting them with an scary bug or not 
I’m at the Costa Mesa City Hall, where a slew of federal, state and local representatives have showed out. The city was granted a temporary restraining order to block any patients infected with the coronavirus  to Fairview Developmental Center — at least until Monday. 
Iraq extends ban on Iran arrivals amid coronavirus fears  …
G-20 leaders are realizing the coronavirus isn’t just a short-term threat to global growth – it’s exposing the vulnerabilities of globalization itself 
Tя☭mp has already fired all the government workers who deal with infectious diseases as useless and non-essential. We are not staffed or prepared for this Coronavirus at all as a nation.
Where were the people supposed to go, if not home? Trump was infuriated that 14 American citizens who had tested positive for coronavirus were permitted to return to the United States. 
A Lebanese woman suspected of carrying the #coronavirus from #Iran to #Lebanon claims that she's only suffering from a cold and vows that her brother will take revenge on her behalf from the Lebanese government for lying about the  …
#UPDATE Russia denied the accusations that thousands of Russian-linked social media accounts have launched a coordinated effort to spread alarm about the new coronavirus, with a foreign ministry spokeswoman saying, "This is a deliberately false story" 
MILAN, Feb 22 (Reuters) - Cases of the new coronavirus in Italy, the most affected country in Europe, rose on Saturday to nearly 80, killing two people and prompting the government to close off the worst hit areas in the northern regions of Lombardy and Veneto.
Italy’s Conte says he’ll ban travel to and from the areas of the country which have been affected by the coronavirus outbreak 
Coronavirus Outbreak: 77,985 Cases - LIVE BREAKING NEWS VIRUS COVERAGE  …
Health officials worried by untraceable coronavirus cases outside China  
Please Retweet: Coronavirus Emergency Broadcast Deep Dive Part 2 @Perpetualmaniac #googlewhistleblower Zach Vorhies & Maryam Henein take a deep dive into the truth behind the Coronavirus. This is Part 2 of the series. 
Containing coronavirus and preventing it from spreading into a worldwide pandemic is currently in the hands of the Italians. #Coronavirus #COVID19
If you’ve seen how busy this intersection normally is in Beijing’s Sanlitunrrrrr area you know how weird this looks now under the #coronavirus crisis in  …
G-20 leaders are realizing the coronavirus isn’t just a short-term threat to global growth – it’s exposing the vulnerabilities of globalization itself 
Coronavirus impact: 94% of the Fortune 1000 are seeing supply chain disruptions...  …
BREAKING: Italy to put 11 towns under lock down due to coronavirus outbreak
On Feb. 22, #China's #Hubei Province, the epicenter of the #coronavirus epidemic, reported: - 96 deaths - 630 new confirmed cases - 1,742 people recovered and discharged Total confirmed #COVID19 cases in #Hubei: 64,084 (2,346 
This is the first episode of my podcast on #coronavirus. The podcast is in Farsi. The totalitarian regime of China through coverups, secrecy, and dishonesty caused this outbreak and put the lives of millions in danger. Another totalitarian regime in ...  …
Serie A have postponed three games because of the Coronavirus. The games taking place in Lombardy and Veneto are affected: – Atalanta vs. Sassuolo – Verona vs. Cagliari – Inter Sampdoria
Three Serie A games in Italy on Sunday, including Inter Milan vs. Sampdoria, have been called off by the government after a coronavirus outbreak in Milan 
The first European deaths from the coronavirus have left Italian authorities racing to try to control its spread after a surge in cases in recent days 
The craziest intersection in my neighborhood has turned into this on a Saturday at 2 PM. #beijing #coronavirus 
Israel returns non-Israelis on flight from South Korea amid coronavirus fears 
Fears mounted as cases of the new coronavirus multiplied outside China in places such as Europe, the Middle East and Asia, with pockets of outbreak sparking lockdowns and school closures 
BREAKING: Epicenter of coronavirus outbreak reports 630 new cases and 96 new deaths  …
#BREAKING Three Italian Serie A football matches on Sunday postponed over coronavirus fears, says official 
Inter-Sampdoria, Verona-Cagliari and Atalanta-Sassuolo (Serie A matches) will be cancelled tomorrow due to the Coronavirus emergency here in Italy. #coronavirus #SerieA
BREAKING NEWS: Reports are that some Serie A matches will be cancelled tomorrow in the Veneto & Lombardy regions due to the Coronavirus 
Basically everything the experts and the bureaucrats have done so far has been wrong.  in collusion with WHO are too busy dustin their tracks trying to hide the damn truth! Coronavirus Deaths Outside China Spike As WHO Team Visits Wuhan  …
The #CoronaVirus outbreak in Italy is now getting serious. - 79 infected. - 18 in intensive care. - 2 dead. Sporting events are being canceled. 50 000 under lockdown People not allowed to leave or enter outbreak areas. READ the latest LIVE updates  …
We are actively monitoring #COVID19 and collaborating closely with our interagency partners as well as with international partners and medical product developers and manufacturers to help advance #coronavirus response efforts. 
Right! As much as I criticize  government - Cerno loves China and the Chinese people. We need China and China needs us, as coronavirus is going to teach us the (very) heard way.  …
#Coronahero: Wuhan hospital doctor, Dr Peng Yinhua, aged 29, dies from coronavirus 
#CoronaVirus Update: A Korean Air flight from South Korea landed at Tel Aviv on Sat. Only 12 Israelis were allowed off the plane. Approx 200 foreign nationals were not allowed off the plane. Instead they were all sent back. 
CDC briefing 22 Feb- Nancy Messonnier, “I want to be clear, anyone released from 14 day quarantine is NOT at risk for spreading virus.” WRONG, facts show infected can be asymptomatic for 27 days. #coronavirus 
People will not be allowed to enter or leave areas with outbreaks of coronavirus, and violating this will be a criminal offense.  …
#Italy Premier Conte: Approximately 20 municipalities with a population of hundred thousands put on lockdown in bid to contain coronavirus.
Ten new cases of coronavirus in Iran, two dead: officials  
Iranian always have a sense of humor :) How to greet friends during the coronavirus outbreak! #Iran 
#coronavirus in Australia has forced us to ask the question: Has Australia put all our economic eggs in the one basket? If we rely  on China for economic prosperity & something goes wrong, the domino-effect is catastrophic, as we can see #auspol #insiders
JUST IN: Serie A postponed games to be played tomorrow in Lombardy and Veneto regions due to #coronavirus outbreak: Inter-Sampdoria Atalanta-Sassuolo Verona-Cagliari
Giuseppe Conte, Prime Minister of Italy, has announced that all sporting activities/events in Lombardy and Veneto will be suspended due to coronavirus outbreak. Inter-Sampdoria is now postponed.
More stats on the #coronavirus’s impact on global business: -$29 billion loss in airline revenue -China auto sales down 92% -387 Procter & Gamble suppliers in China interrupted -Adidas sales in China down 85%  …
JUST IN: Italian government turned from virtual to official the lockdown of the 11 towns with outbreak of #coronavirus clusters. Measures involving approx 60k inhabitants
BREAKING: Italy to put areas with outbreaks of coronavirus on lockdown, prime minister says
#BREAKING Italy PM announces halt to entry and exit from coronavirus hotspots 
China set to clamp down permanently on wildlife trade in wake of coronavirus  
#BREAKING Italy's coronavirus infections jump to 79, including two deaths, says official 
ITALY'S PM CALLS CORONAVIRUS SITUATION A `NATIONAL EMERGENCY'
“GIGACHAD! THE CORONAVIRUS IS COMING! YOU HAVE TO PREPARE OR ELSE YOU’LL DIE!” “You fool. I need not prepare at all, for the LORD GOD will sustain me in whatever I shall need until my ordained day of death. Faith, my dear friend, is all that you need in this world. Farewell.” 
Everyone clowning this as if South Korea doesn’t have the second most prominent case of Coronavirus and fans are probably avoiding attending fansigns as a result.... go back to your day jobs please troll twitter isn’t for you  …
The Time Is Right Now: Why The U.S. Must Act Decisively and Overwhelmingly To Confront The Coronavirus - @QTRResearch  
There are much fewer people in the government to handle the Coronavirus because Tя☭mp has already fired them as useless and unnecessary.
94% of the Fortune 1000 are seeing coronavirus supply chain disruptions: Report  …
Looking towards some responsible journalism to tell the truth about what is really happening with #coronavirus 
#HeartBreaking #Iran - #Shiraz Ali Asghar hospital Iranian kids fighting #coronavirus without any help from the government 
"Nine South Korean tourists who recently toured Israel and the occupied West Bank tested positive for coronavirus Saturday. Israeli and Palestinian authorities are urging anyone who may  in contact with them to report and self-isolate."  …
From THE GLOBAL TIMES: "A new study by Chinese researchers indicates the novel coronavirus may have begun human-to-human transmission in late November from a place other than the Huanan seafood market in Wuhan."
February 22 - Tehran, #Iran Students of Beheshti University are protesting & demanding the campus to be closed so they can return home. They're all concerned about the spread of the coronavirus. 
“Even the hospital medical staff, some of whom are infected with the coronavirus, are terrified."  …
CoronaVirus = Economic Catastrophe = Debt Game Gets Called = Buy Bitcoin & Opt-Out Of THAT Bubble When you see recent perma-bulls like Gregory Mannarino get out of all their positions, because of the bond market, you must pay attention. 
NY Post: There’s first class and there’s business class. But on this flight, everyone flew coronavirus class.  … via @nypost
Coronavirus cases in countries with >10 cases: China: 76,288 S. Korea: 433 Japan: 134 Singapore: 89 HK: 70 Italy: 63 US: 36 Thailand: 35 Iran: 29 Taiwan: 26 Malaysia: 22 AUS: 21 Vietnam: 16 Germany: 16 UAE: 13 France: 12 * Cases tested on Diamond Princess not included
Iran is closing all schools in its capital city of Tehran because of the coronavirus epidemic. #COVID19  …
LATEST: Almost all the patients in a South Korean psychiatric ward have coronavirus. 
THIS IS FROM CHINA STATE MEDIA: New Chinese study indicates novel coronavirus did not originate in Huanan seafood market - Global Times  …
President @realDonaldTrump if you don’t take drastic measures right away (maybe even if you do) the #coronavirus outbreak in US will be blamed on you. We have no way to stop #Covid19 and nearly 10k in isolation as infections explode across the globe. Close the borders! #SARSCoV2 – at National Institutes of Health (NIH)
thoughts? #coronavirus 
#Coronavirus life hacks! 
HAPPENING NOW: Anniston, Alabama officials hold a news conference about plans to quarantine coronavirus patients at the city's FEMA facility Watch live here:  
JUST IN: Israeli ambassador to China placed in quarantine due to being on same flight as people who tested positive for coronavirus (Via The Jerusalem Post)
"It is a deliberate fake," @mfa_Russia Spokeswoman Maria #Zakharova  on media reports that the @StateDept thinks that @Russia is behind proliferation of misinformation about the coronavirus outbreak:  … @statedeptspox  
News: Coronavirus may  a global pandemic US Citizens without insurance: 
BREAKING: First case of coronavirus confirmed in Iraq. Spreading further in the Middle East.
More  out of Iran there are rumors of 1000s of suspected cases. #coronavirus #Covid19  – at National Institutes of Health (NIH)
#Disinformation campaign about #CoronaVirus linked to Russian proxy accounts -- many of which previously spread Russia-friendly messages about the war in Syria or the "yellow vest" protests in France.  … 
Israel's ambassador to China has been quarantined because he was on the same flight as South Korean tourists who tested positive for coronavirus - Jerusalem Post
“We know that #coronavirus didn't start in the Wuhan food market. That was the original story of the CCP, so it's only responsible to ask where it did start.” Given Wuhan contains China's only biosafety level 4 super lab, what work was being done there?  …
Iranians are scared and angry. Their government has been lying to them and their media was instructed not to report on the #coronavirus outbreak as it rapidly spread from the religious city of Qom to other cities. #Iran @sfrantzman  …
Italy: First European dies from coronavirus in Italy An Italian man became the first European to die after being infected with the coronavirus on Friday (Feb 21), just hours after 10 towns in the country were locked down following a flurry of new cases. 
WTH..Americans had NO Damn Business being Allowed to enter the United States With Coronavirus!  …
Ten new cases of coronavirus in Iran, two dead: officials  
#Iran Health Ministry spokesman @drjahanpur says all universities in 10 provinces, covering almost half of the country, to be closed this week after increasing reports of #CoronaVirus cases. Tehran, Qom, Alborz, Hamedan, Qazvin, Isfahan, Gilan, Mazandaran, Golestan, & Markazi. 
Global shipping has been hit by the coronavirus. Now goods are getting stranded  …
Israel reportedly considering closing all its borders to non-Israelis due to coronavirus fears ( @TheIsraelink)
(Bloomberg) The U.S. raised travel warning to Japan as Iran, Italy & South Korea all reported additional coronavirus deaths. Virus spread outside China stoking fear that window to prevent pandemic closing. The WHO: Iran situation “very worrisome” due to lack of direct China link
people is making fun of everglow for this hilarious, knowing 1. coronavirus cases in korea are now 400+ confirmed and they still decided to do the fansign 2. getting into a fansign ain't easy, we don't know how many slots were available today 3. yall obsessed with everglow  …
So are we getting the truth on Wuhan? #coronavirus 
Feb 22 - ‌Babolsar, #Iran Students of Mazandaran University demanding classes be suspended to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. Ministry of Health: Universities in Tehran, Alborz, Qazvin, Markazi, Qom, Hamedan, Isfahan, Gilan & Mazandaran are closed for 5/6 days. 
Here's the latest on the coronavirus: - The U.S. has raised its warning on travel to Japan. - Italy is racing to contain the spread of the virus. - New tallies on deaths and cases will be released in the next few hours. 
Beheshti University students are protesting in #Tehran demanding their classes be suspended as the #coronavirus pandemic hits #Iran with no cure, no vaccine and no way to stop the spread of the deadly #Covid19.  – at National Institutes of Health (NIH)
Ministry of Health is considering closing all border crossings into Israel for non-Israeli citizens due to Coronavirus.
Japanese emperor, on birthday, expresses coronavirus concern, looks forward to Olympics  
This woman is talking Very Loudly on her phone in the quiet car and being Qwhite Anxious about the coronavirus. I walked by, made eye contact, and coughed loudly. Reader, she audibly gasped. Some of you know the EXACT GASP. Every day, be the hero you need yourself to be.
#Coronavirus  to Iran and Iranian authoritie's mismanagement worries people. They have been gathering in front of a hospital in #Talesh #Gilan to express their concerns(peacefully) but have been dispersed by tear gas& facing security forces and anti-riot 
The WHO warned a mysterious “disease X” could spark an international contagion. The new coronavirus, with its ability to quickly morph from mild to deadly, is emerging as a contender 
US State Department increases travel advisory for Japan to Level 2 - Exercise increased caution due to coronavirus  …
After weeks of receiving hate in my DMs and across my other social media accounts, I decided to write about my coronavirus + racism tweet for  …
#Japan Travel Advisory Update: Level 2- Exercise increased caution due to outbreak of COVID-19, novel (new) #coronavirus disease. On January 30 the WHO determined the rapidly spreading outbreak constitutes Public Health Emergency of International Concern.  
BREAKING: Italy reports 43 new cases of coronavirus today, 63 cases in total.
Feb 22 - Talesh, northern #Iran More scenes of people protesting the transfer of four coronavirus patients from the city of Rasht to a local hospital. Anti-riot units have fired tear gas to disperse the crowd. 
Scientists racing to fight to the new coronavirus are sharing early results online rather than waiting for traditional, peer-reviewed medical journals 
We must learn all we can from what happened on the Diamond Princess to better understand how the coronavirus spreads. But the most important lesson here isn’t epidemiological—it’s ethical. We never should’ve quarantined them on a cruise ship like a diabolical medical experiment.
Nah, you think some little coronavirus is gonna stop me from making that bread? We neva stop grinding cuz. 
This NBC producer lives by the mantra of the #IranLobby: Always find the "America is to blame" angle. Never utter an unkind word about the Iranian regime. Even though it's been lying about #coronavirus for weeks, exposing its own citizens and the globe to risk.  …
#breaking The US State Dept. raised the travel alert for Americans to ‘Level 2’ on Saturday for travel to Japan due to the coronavirus outbreak, according to a release from the department. The  at the same time as another ‘Level 2’ alert for travel to South Korea. 
[UCC] South Korea  the most infected country outside China for coronavirus  
From a mechanistic standpoint, it makes sense knowing the coronavirus uses the ACE2 receptor to gain entry into our cells. The greatest concentration of ACE2 receptors in our bodies is in our lungs and small intestines. Thus, the virus spreads from respiratory droplets and feces.
3 cases of coronavirus reportedly recorded in the Kurdish city of Wan, North #Kurdistan (Turkey). The infected persons returned from #Iran. No official statement from authorities yet.
“We’ll go home, we don’t wanna die.” Students at the female dormitories of Beheshti University, Tehran. Panic is spreading in #Iran as Coronavirus spreads throughout the country. 
We're gonna have two Presidential candidates over 70 and they're both gonna end up catching the coronavirus while campaigning and be in critical condition by the election.
You are WRONG. America has never dealt with a real pandemic in our lifetime. You are totally clueless as are 99% of people on this. Coronavirus is already disrupting supply chains. Q3 is going to be FUCKED  …
Health officials in South Korea reported a total of 433 new coronavirus cases on Saturday — less than 24 hours after the sum stood at 156. 
Please read my latest: The Time Is Right Now: Why The U.S. Must Act Decisively and Overwhelmingly To Confront The Coronavirus  …
Coronavirus could crash the economy. Trump is NOT getting ahead of this risk. If he does, then Trump wins in landslide. If she doesn't start getting ahead of messaging, and market collapses, bad for him.  …
Researchers map structure of coronavirus “spike” protein. The finding could help lay the groundwork for a vaccine  
Based on the quick spread of the coronavirus on the Diamond Princess cruise ship, it’s likely the coronavirus spreads similarly to the norovirus, which is through the fecal-oral route and through contaminated objects called fomites that eventually contaminate our food and water.
Feb 22 - Tehran, #Iran Students of Beheshti University rallying & demanding classes be suspended to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. 
Mental health is not the panacea, but it is usually a good solution when you have a mental health problem. I would not go to an astrologer if I had a life-threatening coronavirus infection. Why should you expect politics to solve a (neuro-)psychiatric problem?
China's citizens are beginning to question not just the government response to coronavirus, but the  of the Communist Party 
25 year old kid, "I want to start a motivational blog!" No. Start a coronavirus aggregator.  …
Russia-linked Disinformation Campaign Fueling Coronavirus Alarm, US Says  …
President Trump was infuriated that 14 American citizens who had tested positive for coronavirus were permitted to return this week to the U.S., 2 senior administration officials said 
I'm not going to give my opinion on #coronavirus racism but, as a Chinese student with a bit of a cold, I certainly got my pick of the train seats today.
US federal court blocked efforts to transfer dozens of patients who tested positive for the coronavirus from Travis Air Force Base in Northern California to an empty building in Southern California. 
Xi Jinping has made China into the world's most sophisticated surveillance state, @zeynep writes. So why didn't he know about the coronavirus sooner? 
Imagine you get the coronavirus & they send your ass to Anniston to live out your final days  …
Milan reports second case of coronavirus, 43 new cases in Italy so far today  …
Beijing? Seoul? No, New York City. #coronavirus 
50,000 people now in lock down in Italy due to #Coronavirus outbreak. Businesses, schools, churches closed, all public events cancelled. About 25 miles SE of Milan. #CoronavirusItaly #CoronavirusItalia #COVID19  
Reminder: Tehran, #Iran Khomeini Int'l Airport -As the #COVID19 virus spreads in Iran, officials are selling face masks to China. -The Revolutionary Guards (IRGC) continues its Mahan Air flights to China. -People say the regime is using the coronavirus to render major profits. 
 to other virus outbreaks. #coronavirus 
Failure to contain coronavirus can be laid squarely at the feet of senior leadership of the World Health Organization. It’s not just a betrayal of the thousands of people who do good and important work through WHO auspices. It’s a betrayal of the world.  …
Trump panicked that bumbling US response to coronavirus could derail his re-election campaign: report  …
⁦ @POTUS ⁦ @realDonaldTrump ⁩ furious after officials allowed Americans with coronavirus to fly home with other passengers: report | TheHill This is very serious! Our President is trying his best to protect America.  …
Worldwide Deaths in the Past 12 Months: Coronavirus - 2100 Abortion - 42,000,000 Worldwide News Coverage: Coronavirus - 100% Abortion - 0%
One angle that few people are considering as far as Coronavirus is that it will drastically reduce the appeal of globalism. As this virus spreads there will be an even larger push towards decentralizing, growing national supply chains,  and relationships.
If #coronavirus does not mark the end of globalization (which however is ending) it certainly marks the end of globalism, that is, of its ideology. #coronarvirusitalia
China can't seem to get its coronavirus stories straight. First, they said it would be "liquidated" within a month, then they warned the virus has yet to peak. @SenTomCotton believes the Chinese are still "lying to the world," about the 
The first European deaths from the coronavirus have left Italian authorities racing to try to control its spread after a surge in cases in recent days 
BS trumping science... @SecPompeo 's State Department overruled the CDC allowing 14 known infected to be flown on the same jet as those without symptoms while @realDonaldTrump was AWOL Trump was not told (right) coronavirus-infected Americans...  …
We call on the @UN's World Health Organization to immediately dispatch it supervisory and medical teams to #Iran, in order to prevent rise of Coronavirus victims.  … #Coronavirus 
Unconfirmed: CDC may be following a gag order (presumably from the executive branch) on reporting new coronavirus cases, count is presumably above that in the news  …
Well, look at that. The Chinese Communist Party’s propaganda rag finally admits what I’ve said for a month: coronavirus didn’t start in Wuhan food market. So where did it originate? Time for answers from CCP.  …
Pray for South Korea . The Corona virus covid 19 is no joke as we've witnessed in China. Hopefully the authorities aren't in a state of denial about this pandemic. #coronavirus 
No worries about the people that may possibly die? Trump team in panic mode that "possible coronavirus outbreak in the US that could sicken thousands" threatening an economic slowdown during Trump’s reelection campaign... 
New Cases of Coronavirus Confirmed in U.S. Of course it started in California.. go figure!!!  
Mumbai Airport official: As directed by Govt of India, the Airport has started screening  from Malaysia, Indonesia, Vietnam &  from China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Thailand, Japan & South Korea will continue to be screened as earlier. #Coronavirus
San Diego - Hospital source says many "severe pneumonia" patients being treated there with suspicion they are having the new coronavirus. The CDC is apparently following a gag order (via @JasonEBurack) #Covid19
I’ve heard from hundreds of people about supply chain issues due to coronavirus, it should be a massive story.  …
South Korea screens thousands of religious sect members for coronavirus  …
Cruise lines now offer deluxe coronavirus upgrade over basic norovirus package  …
Trump furious Americans infected with coronavirus flew back to US without his permission: report  … We need to do a better job at isolating the coronavirus.
Trump Panicking: Being Horrible President, Already Screwing-Up Coronavirus Might Blow Election  …
I was the first person warning about coronavirus supply chain issues. While media laughed and mocked me and anyone else who was concerned. Remember that. Because shit is about to pop off in ways we’ve never seen. And you need to know who to trust.
President Obama fought the Ebola epidemic in West Africa successfully because he did not care one bit about the politics. The Trump WH, and coronavirus. Not so much...  …
I see an alarming pattern here - lockdown: S.Korea Coronavirus Cases Go Exponential As New Infections Soar By 70%; 10 Towns In Northern Italy Put On Lockdown | Zero Hedge  …
#CoronaVirus Everyone is taking personal hygiene seriously after the Corona-Virus. 
Moscow deploys facial recognition technology for coronavirus...  …
If  transmission  as disruptive to everyday life as seems possible, Mitch McConnell will take to the podium to drawl, “My friends across the aisle want to engage in partisan finger pointing rather than solutions.” So let’s do that finger pointing now.
Besides a police infected by #coronavirus, 59 other police had close contact with him must be quarantined, but 28 of them lost contact. As per HKGov, anyone breach the isolation order will be prosecuted. But this is #HKPoliceState,  crimes but face no 
Feb 22 - Tehran, #Iran A patient with coronavirus symptoms has been transferred from Tehran University's School of Medical Sciences. Iranians across the country are furious over officials' denials, refusal to provide adequate information or take necessary measures. 
Most Patients In South Korean Psychiatric Ward Infected With Coronavirus  …
CDC RAISES TRAVEL ADVISORY ON JAPAN TO LEVEL 2 DUE CORONAVIRUS OUTBREAK - RTRS
Sprite Ginger Ale is our best weapon against Coronavirus  …
Almost all patients at a psychiatric ward of a South Korean hospital tested positive for the coronavirus, with local reports saying a religious sect with followers who were infected had attended a funeral in the  
#Coronavirus cases in #SouthKorea surged past 430 after more than 220 new infections were reported in 24 hrs, 3 deaths. More than half cases are associated with a church in #Daegu. Now that the city been designated a special management zone. @AJEnglish 
Let us review the sheer stupidity of Trump. King Trump’s Administration Puts YOU in Danger — Claims Coronavirus Will Be ‘GOOD for America’!  … via @NicoleJames
All schools are closing in Tehran as the Coronavirus  a major national crisis. The Islamic Republic has neither the will nor capability to handle the crisis  …
Chief Minister #Balochistan @jam_kamal declares #health emergency in districts bordering #Iran as the death toll from novel #coronavirus in Iran rose to five people || 
Sudden spikes in new coronavirus cases in South Korea, Italy and Iran has prompted fears that the contagion could transform into a global pandemic.  …
#BREAKING #Iran Feb 22 Students Girls gather in Tehran Beheshti University to protest against university not closure (to prevent #coronavirus spreading) Iran regime is trying to cover up corona spreading the news Chants: " Beheshti (University) should be closed" 
Feb 22 - Tehran, #Iran A student of the Ferdos dormitory has been hospitalized & has tested positive for coronavirus. Reports indicate other students are fleeing the campus. 
The #US health officials appear to think the #Coronavirus will soon spread  @CDCgov said it’s preparing medical personnel on how to contain the epidemic outbreak. So far, 34 confirmed cases in the U.S. @CBSThisMorning #美確診34宗 
#Iran: Two newly elected members of parliament from #Gilan were infected with #CoronaVirus. 
China reported a decrease in the number of new deaths and cases of the coronavirus, while new infections rose in other countries  
More than half of South Korea's novel coronavirus cases are linked to a branch of a controversial religious group in the southern city of Daegu. 
February 22 - #Iran Locals in the cities of Lahijan, Talesh, Rudbar and Isfahan are protesting regime officials' denials and secretive measures regarding the coronavirus outbreak across the country. 
The Islamic Republic is massacring Iranians in the streets by firing bullets, in prisons with torture and death sentences and at city level with no management of the #coronavirus crisis. The world is silent! Why? 
Trump furious Americans infected with coronavirus flew back to US without his permission: report  …
South Korea’s sudden spike in coronavirus cases is linked in part to the Shincheonji Church of Jesus, a controversial religious organization.  …
Costa Mesa has sued the U.S. government to stop it from relocating coronavirus patients to the California city 
Stay up to date with the government's latest novel #coronavirus info:  
#BREAKING South Korean passengers are barred from enter to #Israel, were sent back to Thailand. Israeli passengers were taken to quarantine #coronavirus 
Update Coronavirus : Two newly elected MPs from the province of Gilan, N- Iran , are also infected with Coronavirus. They have been in contact with thousands of people during their election campaign. This can have major consequences.
The spread of the new #coronavirus has intensified around the world with Iran, Italy, Lebanon all reported new deaths from the virus. 
BREAKING - CDC raised the travel alert for Japan and South Korea from "level 1" to "level 2" due to the local #COVID19 outbreaks. Level 2 alerts are aimed at people at risk of serious illness if they contract the coronavirus. The advice: Postpone travel if possible. 
Coronavirus has killed so many people, disrupted and affected the lives of thousands of families. May  those who lost loved ones and help everyone affected.
Lebanese are furious that the government isn't suspending flights from Iran after a Lebanese woman who traveled to Iran tested positive for coronavirus. Lebanon is a lifeline for sanctioned Iran & Iran is a lifeline for Hezbollah.  …
Iran Doctors Call For 'Long Holiday' To Contain #Coronavirus, As Sixth Victim Dies  … h/t Shiloh #COVID19
If 40-70% of humanity ends infected with covid-19 (of which 30-70% are asymptomatic), and the death rate (for the symptomatic) is 1-3%, then the total fatalities worldwide for coronavirus will be between 10m and 100m, and between 400k and 5m in the United States.  …
The really concerning aspect of coronavirus in #Iran is the fact that the medical system has taken such a massive@hit@from US sanctions.
The #coronavirus could survive on surfaces such as metal, glass and plastic for as long as nine days, researchers have found. They  cleaning surfaces with a #disinfectant, which will kill the bug within a minute, @Donna_Rachel_  …
Deaths from #COVID19 as of 22 Feb via @WHO #coronavirus Total: 2,361 deaths China: 2,348 deaths Iran: 5 deaths *: 2 deaths South Korea: 2 deaths Philippines: 1 death Japan: 1 death France: 1 death Italy: 1 death *Diamond Princess ship  …
So many people died at home... even no chance to go to hospital because no beds there #coronavirus #COVID-19 
Ten new cases of coronavirus in Iran, one dead: health ministry  
JUST IN: A facility in Anniston will be used as a coronavirus quarantine center for American passengers evacuated from the Diamond Princess cruise ship in Japan, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services announced on Saturday.  …
#BREAKING Feb 22 - Talesh, N #Iran Locals are protesting the transfer of four coronavirus patients from Rasht to a hospital in this city. State security forces fired tear gas after protests erupted. Voice says authorities are warning people to back off. 
This morning in Venice at the airport as Italy quarantines 50,000 people locking down 10 cities because of #coronavirus outbreak. 51 have tested positive so far with 2 dead. To date there is no cure and no vaccine. #Covid19  – at The White House
The definition of a #perfect_storm An overlevered global economy (debt > 300% of GDP) facing a simultaneous demand & supply shock ( #coronavirus), effectively shutting down the 2nd biggest economy ( #China), at a time when global CBs have already used 95% of their ammunition ( #QE)
Number of Okinawans who have died from the coronavirus: 0 Number of violent  by U.S. soldiers against Okinawans: 1000+ Number of Okinawans killed by Japan: 144,000+ The U.S. & Japan militaries are much more dangerous than the coronavirus. 
picture circulating on Social Media that touched a lot of people. A nurse and her husband who is police officer are working on the first line of fighting the #coronavirus epidemic. Haven't seen them for more than ten days. And finally, today they met for a few minutes.. 
'I recently asked some investment managers how they might immunise their portfolios against fallout from China’s coronavirus. "I wouldn’t," one scoffed, "the virus is temporary."'  …
#coronavirus shopping carts contain more germs than toilet handles? Here's where germs lurk in grocery stores. 
Italy's coronavirus outbreak infects 51 people, kills two  
Feb 22 - Shahroud, east of Tehran, #Iran One individual with coronavirus symptoms was transferred from the Shahroud Industrial University's central dormitory. The regime's denials of the coronavirus outbreak has left people uninformed and at grave risk. 
The Time Is Right Now: Why The U.S. Must Act Decisively and Overwhelmingly To Confront The Coronavirus  …
Carl Goldman is an American who was quarantined on a cruise ship in Japan due to the #coronavirus. Now back in the US, he has tested positive for the virus. But his spirits are high: “This has been a long journey,” he says - @NBCNewsNOW  
'A 70-year-old man in China’s Hubei Province was infected with coronavirus but did not show symptoms until 27 days later, the local government said on Saturday, meaning the virus’ incubation period could be much longer than the presumed 14 days.'  …
Wuhan woman with no symptoms infects five relatives with coronavirus: study #WuhanVirus #Wuhanvirus2020  …
3. Iranian health officials confirm 18 cases of #Coronavirus that led to 4 deaths, among a total of 753 outpatients monitored in recent days.  …
VIDEO: #coronavirus- Flight to Australia: couple protected with plastic, hood, masks and surgical gloves 
A new study estimates that ⅔ of #Coronavirus cases exported from mainland #China remains undetected worldwide. This potentially leaves sources of human-to-human transmission around the world unchecked, the study  …
Rampant corruption, even sexual harassment, in the World Health Organization is putting lives at risk in the #coronavirus outbreak. Full story here:  … 
WHO #COVID19 Situation Report 22 February 2020  #coronavirus
Actress Lee Young Ae leaves a heartwarming message for Chinese citizens and donates over $40K to aid  families in Daegu in midst of the Coronavirus outbreak  
Confirmed #COVID19 cases as of 22 Feb @WHO  #coronavirus Total: 77,923 : 76,392 : 634* : 433 : 132 : 86 : 35 : 28 : 22 : 21 : 16 : 13 : 12 : 11 : 9 : 3 : 2 : 1 *Diamond Princess
#Iranians riot in the city of Talesh after the regime quarantines a hospital in the city due to Coronavirus. The regime has kept #Iranians in the dark about Coronavirus for weeks, contributing to the virus’ spread throughout 
Ten new cases of coronavirus in Iran, two dead: officials  
My statement on the proposed Costa Mesa Fairview Development Center Coronavirus treatment center:  …
23 PASSENGERS LEFT DIAMOND PRINCESS CRUISE SHIP IN JAPAN BY MISTAKE BEFORE BEING TESTED FOR CORONAVIRUS - NHK
2/22 #coronaviruschina I shared videos that showed people fell on the ground, with body twitching. It happened a lot since coronavirus outbreak. These were not homeless drunk but normal people in their ways to work or perform daily routines. #CoVid2019 is attacking 
Those people with Coronavirus, that Trump slipped in without even warning the other passengers, should be quarantined at Mar-a-lago.
#NEW: South Korea reported an eight-fold jump in Coronavirus infections Saturday with more than 400 cases mostly linked to a church and a hospital, as well as its third death from the virus. (1/2)
As the world worries about Coronavirus, the U.S. government is blocking vital health supplies from getting to Cuba. Sickening.  …
Trump panicked that bumbling US response to coronavirus could derail his re-election campaign: report  …
Coronavirus is set to destroy clothing brands such as Gucci, Coach, Kate Spade, Under Armour, Adidas, Puma, etc., who all have their main factories in China. Those factories have now shut down because of the virus. But I don't care. I buy American.  …
Reports indicated that Mohsen Hashemi met, the head of Tehran's city council, Rahmanzadeh who possibly contracted the #Coronavirus (COVID-19). Mohsen Hashemi then have met on Friday Javad Zarif and Hassan Khomeini in a polling station and hugged them with kisses on their cheeks. 
How about concern for American citizens??? Nope it’s about him. He is such a sob Donald Trump Campaign Fears Coronavirus Will Hurt His Re-Election Bid  … via @thedailybeast
THIS IS A BIG PROBLEM. WHAT WILL AMERICANS DO? More than 30,000 pets have been left stranded after the Chinese government sealed off Wuhan following the #coronavirus outbreak  #VoteBlueNoMatterWho
S.Korea Coronavirus Cases Go Exponential As New Infections Soar By 70%; 10 Towns In Northern Italy Put On Lockdown 
………………………… Owen Poll ………………………… Do you agree with Trump who is furious that Americans infected with coronavirus flew back to the U.S. without his permission? Please retweet.
#Coronavirus shows the rust in #CCP's hammer & sickle. The only thing #XiJinping & his cronies have under control is the spread of information. Him & his #Communist buddies are masters of #Censorship. Let's hope the party meets its end. 
LATEST: Almost all the patients in a South Korean psychiatric ward have coronavirus. 
The US dollar index reached a three-year high as investors worried about the global coronavirus outbreak are moving their money into the safe-haven greenback 
Ten new cases of coronavirus in Iran, two dead: officials  
NEW: Italy reports 7 more cases of coronavirus, including the first case in Milan  …
Samsung Electronics confirms coronavirus case at phone  in South Korea  
Another 2 people evacuated to #Australia from the #DiamondPrincess cruise ship have tested positive for #Coronavirus, authorities confirmed, bringing the total of Australians who left the ship on Thursday who have the virus up to 6.  …
#ICYMI: EIA revises global liquid fuels demand growth down because of the #coronavirus.  
British Columbia — where an astute doctor picked up the case of the traveler from Iran who tested positive for #coronavirus — has a population of 5.1 million people and has tested more than 500 of its citizens for  …
NORTHERN ITALY CITY OF FRIULI VENEZIA GIULIA DECLARES A STATE OF EMERGENCY DUE TO CORONAVIRUS, 3 DOCTORS AND 8 PATIENTS IN ISOLATION - ANSA NEWS
In the coronavirus outbreak, it’s not the rising numbers that are worrying experts: It's that they can't trace where some disease clusters started. 
An Emergency has been declared in #Pakistan’s Balochistan Province bordering areas with #Iran amid #coronavirus in the country. Pakistan needs to stay alert. 1 person roaming around with the virus and the rest you all know better (Ask South Korea)
Samsung temporarily shuts down phone factory following coronavirus case  
If an airline put you on board w coronavirus infected passengers, didn’t tell you, didn’t give you an option to rebook, & didn’t try and take precautions- like giving you a N95 mask, are they legally negligent?
1. This thread should be read as  to @kakape's terrific analysis of where things stand with the #COVID19 outbreak. If you aren't following Kai, you aren't following coronavirus news properly. Here's his very insightful thread. Next, my thoughts.  …
It’s looking more and more that coronavirus was a manufactured bio weapon and that China’s security for its lab sucks. But apparently Chinese researchers often sell their experimented on lab animals and monkeys to meat markets. What in the actual f_ck?  …
NORTHERN ITALY CITY OF FRIULI VENEZIA GIULIA DECLARES A STATE OF EMERGENCY DUE TO CORONAVIRUS, 3 DOCTORS AND 8 PATIENTS IN ISOLATION - ANSA NEWS
Now I am reading someone can carry the virus and never get sick from it but yet pass it on to someone else who gets deathly ill. #Coronavirus
The idea that "Chinese people are most at risk" from #coronavirus is not based on facts. The virus can infect anyone. Some experts say the attack rate may be 30-70% of global population (w/ many mild cases) & some studies have shown older men have higher fatality rates than women
United States CDC: "The potential public health threat posed by COVID-19 is high, both globally and to the United States."  … #coronavirus #COVID19
#Iran #coronavirus This Is Absolutely Horrible! The Coronavirus Has Spread To All Iranian Cities And The Government Has Not Announced It. The Death Toll Is Over 100  …
Japanese emperor, on birthday, expresses coronavirus concern, looks forward to Olympics  
BREAKING - The Friuli Venezia Giulia Region (1.2M population) in Italy declares **state of emergency** until the end of July to "face the health risk from the #COVID19 coronavirus": Deputy Governor 
BREAKING: Confidential document obtained by @appledaily_hk reveals that Carrie Lam blames #HongKongProtests causing public's loss of trust of #HKGov & the strike of medical workers demanding border closure so that Govt failed in managing the #coronavirus outbreak. 1/ 
“Will these people carry the virus with them? What if they spread it out further?” #Chinese officials and media reports have noted cases where patients had the #Coronavirus despite being discharged from the hospital.  …
Whenever there’s a new outbreak, scientists rush to calculate a number called R0, or R-naught. Why? It’s been a critical part of the scientific effort to understand just how transmissible the new virus is. #coronavirus 
fuck coronavirus! 
The WHO warned a mysterious “disease X” could spark an international contagion. The new coronavirus, with its ability to quickly morph from mild to deadly, is emerging as a contender 
—As of Saturday, the coronavirus had spread to 26 countries, and 1,200 cases had been confirmed outside China —Dozens of passengers from the contaminated cruise ship Diamond Princess have arrived in Britain on a repatriation flight Latest updates: 
"After only six hours awake, I feel dizzy and sleepy." Hanok is an Ethiopian student living in Wuhan, the Chinese city at the centre of the coronavirus outbreak. He is healthy, but says the lockdown conditions make him feel homesick and fatigued. @SharonMachira | 
 to other virus outbreaks. 
Stunning and disturbing.  to other virus outbreaks - SARS, MERS, H1N1, EBOLA !! #coronovirus #WuhanCoronavirus #Coronavirustruth #WuhanCoronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #koronavirus 
#UPDATE Iran ordered the closure of schools, universities and cultural centres after a coronavirus outbreak that has killed five people in the Islamic Republic -- the most people outside East Asia 
Trump furious Americans infected with coronavirus flew back to US without his permission: report  …
Coronavirus experts say its NOT rising numbers of infections they fear 
Starting today, novel #coronavirus pneumonia patients in #Wuhan of #Hubei province should be quarantined in designated places for 14 days after they are cured and discharged from hospitals, the city's epidemic prevention and control authority said on Saturday. #COVID19
This case & Iranian patient in Canada (found by a sharp ER doc) may be why @ScottGottliebMD  that doctors around the US test suspicious cases of indeterminate severe pneumonia (not influenza or other) & send to @CDC to rule out coronavirus  …
Italy's coronavirus outbreak infects 51 people, kills two  
California Tells 7,000 People Who Returned From China to Stay Home Because of Coronavirus  …
I'm All You Need To Defeat Coronavirus. 
COVID-19/Coronavirus &  Asian Fashion Weeks (March 2020) Tokyo Fashion Week is still scheduled. Seoul Fashion Week is still scheduled. Shanghai Fashion Week is postponed. Beijing Fashion Week is postponed. A lot can change in a month, but that's where we are now.
Scientists in Beijing now think the coronavirus incubation period is longer than 14 days, which means people released after 14 days could have transmitted it.I’ll bet Trump doesn’t even know this, since he ELIMINATED the position of Global Health Director.  …
Chuck and Mark discuss the recent reports that claim the coronavirus outbreak is the Chinese government's doing. Find out more by checking out this episode of #BFT.  
#COVID19 #CoronaVirus spreading fast in Italy and S. Korea. How is this not trending? 
2 of 2. Again, no need to panic. But also must jettison attitude that you can't be impacted. #Coronavirus will continue to have both a health and economic repercussion on everyone around globe, even if very little in U.S. Must keep your finger on pulse of this situation daily  …
Italy worked to contain the outbreak of 3 #coronavirus clusters left ~50 people infected & 2 dead. Officials ordered people to stay in their homes and canceled Masses, soccer matches and planned outdoor carnival celebrations.  …
Trump furious Americans infected w coronavirus flew back to US w/out his permission. State Dept+Health Human Serv IGNORED the CDC  Dollars to donuts State+HHS decision makersDeep State holdovers, following their own agenda.  #FoxNews
This morning at Venice airport, from a trusted source #coronavirus 
Scientists are studying reports that the incubation period for coronavirus could be longer than the currently believed 14 days. Meanwhile, scientists in China reported indications that the virus might be transmissible through urine.  …
United States Takes Steps to Prepare for Pandemic as Global Coronavirus Cases Rise. #Coronavirus  …
New developments suggest coronavirus incubation could be longer than 14 days, as global infections rise 
So @BBCNews continue to exhaust coverage of #coronavirus whilst omitting to air this March in London. Why is that,I wonder? Don’t they support Freedom of Speech? But when their Tory Masters Dismantle BBC and they request our support to Stop it,ignore em,as they ignored  …
South Korea's number of confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus more than doubled Saturday to a total of 433—an eightfold jump in just four days. 
Italy worked to contain the outbreak of two coronavirus clusters that by late Saturday had left about 50 people infected and two dead 
Italy's Council of Ministers will meet on coronavirus at 6:30 p.m. local time. Prime Minister Conte says the government is considering "extraordinary measures"
I’ve decided to undertake a controlled clinical study of the prophylactic efficacy of Bloody Marys in preventing coronavirus transmission in the Toronto Air Canada lounge. Using Chinese statistical methods, I am pleased to report full immunity. Further research required, though. 
The mayor of Tehran's District 13, the one with a mask in this photo , has tested positive for #coronavirus in 3 out of 4 tests, according to member of City Council. Scary point is that he's shaken hands with almost all members, including chairman 
Cotton: China Is Carefully Managing the Flow of Information About Coronavirus  …
9 South Koreans test positive for coronavirus after returning from Israel  … via @timesofisrael
WHO concerned about coronavirus cases with no clear link  
Coronavirus outbreak enters a serious new phase as number of confirmed cases increases in South Korea, Italy, and Iran 
wow. 153 coronavirus studies already published, mostly out of China, 92 of them not peer-reviewed. One (now retracted) tied it to HIV. Another said it was a pathogen from outer space. “To be first with a scientific finding is good for profile and for future funding.”  …
The right will go hard on border security re: #coronavirus, the left will push national health care. It could get extremely messy. The national security world is so out of touch they haven't though about supply chains and instead focus on bots saying nice things about Bernie.
How China's new #coronavirus spread  | 
The 2020 election is going to hinge on what happens with the #coronavirus. We can talk about Bernie or Trump or favorabilities or whatever, but if people start dying due to bureaucratic  and stuff stops showing up in stores politics  different.
Huge panic in Israel after it has emerged that a group of South Korean, who have visited here for a week, infected with #coronavirus
Coronavirus prepping. #Coronavirus 
China can't seem to get its coronavirus stories straight. First, they said it would be "liquidated" within a month, then they warned the virus has yet to peak. @SenTomCotton believes the Chinese are still "lying to the world," about the 
The FDA claims CLO2 “does not cure coronavirus” Yet here was a study done on the coronavirus that showed “2.19 mg/L for chlorine dioxide in wastewater  inactivation of SARS-CoV” So is the FDA Lying? It looks like CLO2 can kill it!   …
coronavirus in tour  …
Samsung Factory in South Korea Closes for Two Days After Coronavirus Case Surfaces  …
“Sanders is more dangerous to stocks than the coronavirus.” Sanders policies are like a cancer to the Republic. ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ is the cure. #VoteRed Bernie Sanders possibly running against President Trump is starting to scare  …
LATEST: Almost all the patients in a South Korean psychiatric ward have coronavirus. 
Feb. 22 - 7pm local time, Rasht, N #Iran Locals have gathered to protest the transfer of 4 #coronavirus infected patients to the Nourani Hospital in Talesh. 
3 overseas #Chinese students discuss how #China “lost the gamble” trying to control the outbreak quietly and why the #coronavirus crisis could serve as “an awakening moment” If Chinese people are angry enough over this, this could be the end of the CCP regime........  …
NEW: Italy reports another case of coronavirus, the first one in Piedmont Region - ANSA  …
Compare social impact: 1918 #influenza and #2020 #coronavirus 
China reported a sharp fall in new deaths and cases of the coronavirus, but world health officials warned it was too early to make predictions about the outbreak as new infections rose in other countries  
#UPDATE The disinformation campaign promotes unfounded conspiracy theories that the United States is behind the COVID-19 outbreak, in an apparent bid to damage the US image around the world #coronavirus  by @arthurmacmillan & @shauntandon
This thread has been shared by 20% of my coronavirus tracker list already. We have what is now likely to be an unstoppable pandemic.  …
More than HALF of South Korea's 433 coronavirus cases are linked to secretive Shincheonji Church of Jesus cult 
THREAD: The coronavirus outbreak that has hobbled China’s economy is increasingly ricocheting through the world economy and supply chains. To gauge the impact, Bloomberg reporters asked businesses around the world to share their stories  
Coronavirus: couples in Philippines marry wearing masks – video  …
Please Mr President, go to China to discuss how to prevent the spread of Coronavirus. We need your leadership!
Here's your Virus update: - Coronavirus may be the "Disease X" health experts have warned about. - Hot spots outside of China: South Korea, Japan, Iran. - About half of the additional cases in South Korea were linked to members of a religious sect.  …
Coronavirus Spreads in Italy - 40 Confirmed Cases - 50,000 People under Quarantine in Lombardy Region -- ** "Index Person" ** Shows NO SIGN of Illness  … via @gatewaypundit
International fears grow after rise in new #coronavirus cases and deaths in Italy and South Korea  
#CORONAVIRUS VS SWINE FLU: We’re still at the beginning of the Coronavirus outbreak. Could be taken in two ways: 1. CV is not too concerning  to other major outbreaks. 2. CV is set to infect millions quickly. Watch until end of the video. What are your thoughts? 
Coronavirus fatality rate as of February 22: Iran: 17.9% Italy: 6.1% China: 3.1% S Korea: 0.5% Globally: 3.0%
Landmarks in Melbourne were lit up in red and gold to express solidarity with China. #coronavirus 
Transmission of  to other viruses . 
Love in the Time of Cholera vs. Love in the Time of Corona ‌ ‌ #وضعیت #coronavirus #كرونا #كورونا
The Coronavirus has severely impacted the Chinese who’ve been forced to live under strict Quarantine! They are trapped at home & feeling the strain! Unable to work with no  They’re hungry & need meds! Please Pray & Think about stocking up!  …
Supermarkets in China are fighting to stay open as the #coronavirus outbreak forces restaurants and offices to close nationwide 
Here’s the latest that you need to know about the coronavirus 
Concerns are growing over the global spread of the novel coronavirus after a spike in cases outside of mainland China among people with no connection to China or the city of Wuhan, ground zero for the outbreak 
Why I’m following this—the coronavirus is a public health emergency, of course, but pandemics force govts to decide how much liberty they want to restrain in the name of public health—everything from literal quarantines to enhanced surveillance—and that means the US, too.  …
More than half of South Korea's novel coronavirus cases are linked to a branch of a controversial religious group in the southern city of Daegu. 
THREAD: #Coronavirus found in patients’ urine poses challenge to #China’s sewer system #Chinese scientists found traces of coronavirus in patients' urine, suggesting the virus is capable of traveling with the blood to the body to harm multiple organs  …
Real Chinese. Let the fists do the talking. #coronaviruschina #WuhanCoronavius #WuhanVirus #ccp #china #coronavirus  …
China is using using advanced technology to fight #COVID19 that could wind up collapsing its economy. #Drones deployed across China to spray disinfectant in public spaces to fight #coronavirus. . @POTUS . @realDonaldTrump #PatriotsAwakened #FlynnFighters #WWG1WGA 
Russia is spreading lies around the world that the CIA started Coronavirus.  …
A surge in coronavirus cases and deaths in Iran is raising concern because the outbreak can’t be traced directly back to China 
A number of football games in Italy have been called off because of the coronavirus. Full story  
[BUZZ] [UCC] South Korea reports second coronavirus death + 142 more new cases, bringing total to 346  
While global policymakers race to contain the new coronavirus strain, the outbreak has already disrupted world travel and supply chains. The crisis is challenging the strength of the Chinese state and could imperil economic growth throughout the world. 
Pretty sure a lot of Indian Coronavirus patients are popping Antibiotic pills suggested by Bablu at the local pharmacy shop.
Almost all patients at a psychiatric ward of a South Korean hospital tested positive for the coronavirus, with local reports saying a religious sect with followers who were infected had attended a funeral in the  
51 cases of Coronavirus in Italy. 16 new cases in the last 3 hours. Absolutely puzzled as to how the India numbers are so low. Pretty sure, it's going around undetected.
Yikes! Why was this allowed to happen? Report: Coronavirus-Infected Americans Were Flown Home Despite CDC Objections - Trump Train  …
Good news! My local @Starbucks started accepting pop-in visits as of Fri. (Till now I could only pay via the app for pick-up or food delivery.) BUT customers still can’t lounge around - police tape keeps you away from the chairs and movin’ out the door. $SBUX #China #coronavirus 
Russia behind #coronavirus disinformation campaign, says US  
#COVID19 #Coronavirus @TheLancet 32 out of 52 (62%) severe patients had died at 28 days. The median duration from admission to the ICU to death was 7 days. Most patients had organ function damage, including 35 (67%) ARDS, 15 (29%) acute kidney and liver injury, 12 cardiac 
So now that I’ve got 5 hours to kill here at the very polite Air Canada lounge, here’s a random thought on the knock-on effects of a global coronavirus infection ... Uber is done. No effin’ way I’m getting in a stranger’s car at any point over the next 6 months.
The IMF has lowered the global growth forecast, warning of ‘more dire scenarios’ for the coronavirus outbreak Keep up with our live blog coverage of the epidemic here:  …
More than half of South Korea's novel coronavirus cases are linked to a branch of a controversial religious group in the southern city of Daegu. 
Second coronavirus patient dies in Italy: ANSA news agency  
Interesting. A former #Iran regime journalist is implying that @JZarif might have the #coronavirus because he came in contact with Hashemi, a member of Tehran's City Council, who came in contact with the Mayor of Tehran's District 13 who tested positive.  …
A family cannot return home after Chinese New Year holiday. #Coronavirus #Wuhan #武汉肺炎 #新冠病毒 #COVID19 #ChinaVirus #Chinese Location: rural area of Heze, Shandong 
This is how the entire U.S. military will  the first large American population group to  sick from the coronavirus  …
On Thursday, #China's #HubeiProvince reported 349 new cases of #Coronavirus, but #Wuhan, Hubei's capital, reported 615 cases all by itself. The #CCP can't even get its own story straight. This is why no one should believe a  out of  …
Viruses don’t “morph”. They are not Power Rangers. There is no evidence that the #SARSCoV2 #COVID19 #coronavirus circulating in Iran or anywhere else are fundamentally different from viruses in the rest of the world.  …
Coronavirus spreads in Seoul as thousands are screened 
Some thoughts on the importance of planning, #autarky, closed borders &national sovereignty in connection with the #Wuhan #Coronavirus epidemia. The number of infected in #Italy #Iran #SouthKorea #Vietnam & #Japan seem to be rising very quickly. Looks like #Pandemia is 
The WHO warned a mysterious “disease X” could spark an international contagion. The new coronavirus, with its ability to quickly morph from mild to deadly, is emerging as a contender 
Dear #Family #Friends #Followers I'm having the flu, a heavy one. I got a tip from a friend in #Wuhan China: W ash hands U se mask properly H ave temperature checked A void large crowds N ever touch face with unclean hands Be safe! #CoronaVirus  …
South Korea says coronavirus cases more than double, total now 433  
Questions as coronavirus spreads to Iran: 1. Did Iran downplay the outbreak to avoid offending China (it may have originated in the large number of Chinese workers)? 2. Is Iran's public-health system, crippled due to US sanctions, able to treat people?  
#BREAKING Iran closes schools in two cities over #coronavirus: state TV 
Hundreds of couples wearing facemasks tied the knot at a mass wedding in the Philippines amid the threat of the #COVID19 disease. Get the latest on the #coronavirus here:  
Everyday I read that the Coronavirus has spread to more cities/regions,and am surprised that nothing is being picked up in India,other than the few cases in Kerala. What am I missing here? We def don't have the best surveillance nor the best infrastructure ! #medtwitterindia
This week has been terrible for the regime: 1. Historically low voter turnout 2. Coronavirus spreading nationwide 3. FATF designation 4. Declining currency (rial) What’s next ? 
National exams have been cancelled in Daegu due to Coronavirus. A student stated "she studied for over a yr but received a text stating the exam was cancelled." There are 10,000 test takers & 900 applicants in Daegu. Petitions posted on Blue House.  
Hey @realDonaldTrump — still think China is telling the truth on coronavirus? FYI, a good idea would be to provide billions to states to make sure everyone has consistent, accurate and ubiquitous tests for coronavirus so we can have accurate numbers on its spread thru the US.  …
Contagion from the world's largest ever debt bubble is almost as foreboding as coronavirus. Watch this video profiling Crescat's top three macro investing ideas today:  Preso starts at minute 
Can't get coronavirus at a virtual reality conference...  …
Hi! Guess what this weekend is? Top It Off Weekend. That's right. Finish those preps. Tell everyone you know. CDC: Community spread will be "likely" in the US.  And don't forget your pets!  … #coronavirus #COVID19
A British pub. An Alpine ski resort. When attendees left a conference in Singapore, they took coronavirus with them, sparking an international dragnet. 
The coronavirus Diamond Prince quarantine was doomed. But so are most quarantines, writes @rocza. Medicine today isn't the same as medicine in the 14th century, and very few people are looking for 14th century treatments in the 21st  …
Tehran, #Iran People have to wait in long lines to get masks and anti-bacterial hand gel at a shopping center amidst the #coronavirus outbreak. A voice tells the man not to film the lines. "There're no masks and no gel available," the man says in frustration. 
I’ve spent days now researching the Abe adminstration’s response to the Coronavirus and experts seem apalled at the willful ignorance, indifference,  and arrogance. The latest: refusal to test Ministry of Health workers exposed to the virus until they get ill 
The coronavirus outbreak has been an unexpected boon for one industry: online education 
Outraged residents of a central Ukrainian town protested against the arrival of evacuees from China amid fears of the #coronavirus. So far, no confirmed cases of the virus have been registered in Ukraine. 
Try not to cry: Touching moments of people's fight against the #coronavirus 
New piece. Hear me out. What if Xi Jinping didn't even *know* of key details of the coronavirus outbreak until it was too late? What if his authoritarian blindspot was *worsened* by China's use of surveillance and censorship technology?  
The CCP lied about the #coronavirus but I do not see a reason to assume the US will do a better job. Our government has been shattered by 40 years of corruption.  …
A Special Air Force aircraft that has to fly to Wuhan (China) for the evacuation of Indians, has been loaded with medical equipment, at Hindon Air Force Station, in Ghaziabad. #CoronaVirus 
STOP THINK Guys we need to watch closely the figures that are now being announced regarding Coronavirus. China’s figures can’t be trusted . But, beware, western governments will act like Chinese government, in the event the virus takes hold. Is this an escaped Bio Weapon?
First batch of #coronavirus test kits donated by China arrives in Japan 
This website is constantly updated and visualises the total Coronavirus cases (confirmed / recovered / deaths) across the world. Click through the link to see how fast things are changing. Source:  
UPDATE on coronavirus ( #COVID19) testing in the UK: As of 2PM on Saturday 22 February 2020, a total of 6,152 tests have concluded: 6,143 were confirmed negative. 9 positive. Updates will be published at 2PM daily. For latest information visit:  
Coronavirus updates from the last hours: - 87 new cases in South Korea - 24 new cases in Japan - 10 new cases and 1 new death in Iran - New cases in Italy  …
Chinese President Xi expresses gratitude to Bill and Melinda Gates for support to his country after the coronavirus outbreak 
Coronavirus: This Is How Air Evacuation Of Patients Under Biosafety Containment Works:  … via @theaviationist
Philip Reeker, acting Assistant Secretary of State for Europe and Eurasia: “By spreading disinformation about coronavirus, Russian malign actors are once again choosing to threaten public safety by distracting from the global health response.”  …
A Japanese passenger of #DiamondPrincess, who was allowed to leave the cruise after testing negative for #coronavirus, has been diagnosed with #COVID19, according to 
Coronavirus Update: - 77,960 confirmed cases worldwide, 2,362 deaths - 433 cases in South Korea, 229 new cases over last day - South Korea calls outbreak “grave situation” - 51 cases in Italy and 2 deaths, amount of cases more than doubled overnight - 28 cases in Iran, 5 deaths
1. Coronavirus is  a real crisis in #Iran. Number of cases is increasing but unclear. Government is not informing citizens of the current state of disease and measures taken. In the lack of official and reliable info, social media is flooded with rumors and misinformation
Some Italian media today reported that there’d been a second coronavirus victim, a 77-yr-old woman. But health officials say the virus was detected only after her death, and she’d been suffering from a number of health issues. So unclear for now if her death is directly connected
Everyone is taking personal hygiene seriously after the #coronavirus 
Ten new cases of coronavirus in Iran, one dead: health ministry  
LIVE FROM HONG KONG: Local Government Sets Up Huge Tract of Land for Coronavirus Victims Next to Disneyland Hong Kong @JoeHoft  … via @gatewaypundit
In a matter of two days, Italy has  the largest coronavirus hotspot in Europe, with ~50 confirmed cases. Some 50,000 people in the north of the country, particularly in towns to the south of Milan, are under effective lockdown.
Untraceable coronavirus clusters emerge, worrying health officials  #FoxBusiness
The terrifying escalation of the coronavirus. The train has left the station #foxandfriends #SaturdayMorning #coronavirus #TrumpRally #KAG2020LandslideVictory #SaturdayThoughts #Tcot 
#EXCLUSIVE Thousands of Russian-linked social media accounts have launched a coordinated effort to spread alarm about the new #coronavirus, disrupting global efforts to fight the epidemic, US officials say  by @arthurmacmillan & @shauntandon
A delayed coronavirus quarantine and slapdash containment measures helped turn the Diamond Princess cruise ship into an epidemiological disaster 
#UNICEF is working to help children/families affected by #coronavirus by reducing transmission of the virus & tackling misinformation, so children & families, know how to prevent Covid-19 spread & where to seek assistance:  v/ 
The US accuses Russia of spreading coronavirus disinformation online. Keep up to date with the latest on the international response to the outbreak here:  
Growing concerns in #China: a 70 years old male started developing symptoms a period of 27 days after his infection with #coronavirus.
They are considering bringing them to Costa Mesa, California - a densely populated area in a state with an overrun healthcare system. How could this possibly go wrong? #coronavirus
South Korea says coronavirus cases more than double, total now 433  
Trump panicked that bumbling US response to coronavirus could derail his re-election campaign: report  …
Xi Jinping has made China into the world's most sophisticated surveillance state, @zeynep writes. So why didn't he know about the coronavirus sooner? 
Trump panicked that bumbling US response to coronavirus could derail his re-election campaign: report  …
One of the Trump admin. officials who insisted that Coronavirus patients be flown home alongside healthy passengers was Robert Kadlec, ass’t sect’y for the Dept. of Health & Human Services. Kadlec: If you think Ben Carson’s scary, wait until you meet me.  …
WHO concerned about coronavirus cases with no clear link  
I'm so tired today. Korea is having a BIG problem #coronavirus 
Japan has confirmed 23 people on the Diamond Princess were not tested before being allowed to leave and fly home  flights. Wonder if this lady and her husband were among those 23 or if there are many more? #Coronavirus #Covid19 #SARSCoV19  … – at The White House
Something is fishy in #Wuhan #coronavirus (60 kilometers from Wuhan)  …
Encouraging news of the discovery of a #coronavirus vaccine, but unfortunately, we are MANY MONTHS (at best) away from having confirmation of its effectiveness + manufacture of enough #vaccine doses to inoculate many millions to billions of people.  …
U.S. takes steps to prepare for pandemic as global coronavirus cases rise 
Samsung Electronics confirms coronavirus case at phone  in South Korea  
#Pandemic risk for new #coronavirus is HIGH: Highly contagious (even with little/no symptoms) with a long incubation period Can cause serious illness or death in otherwise healthy people NO effective treatment or #vaccine @thespybrief #Wuhan  …
Second coronavirus patient dies in Italy: ANSA news agency  
The coronavirus outbreak that has hobbled China's economy is interrupting supply chains all over the world 
Coronavirus: more deaths confirmed as authorities around the world struggle to contain outbreak – latest updates  …
#coronarvirusitalia #coronavirus A man with a fever tries to force the blockade post of the Chinese authorities 
The @WHO has long worried that a mysterious “disease X” could spark an international contagion. The #coronavirus is rapidly  the “first true #pandemic challenge that fits the ‘disease X’ category.” As I’ve been warning. @thespybrief  …
So for everyone not following coronavirus, you should be paying attention. Korea is basically at the point of no control now. Watch Japan in the next week. Iran has some interesting news. 
A good #dog picks up grocery for its owner who stays at home during the novel #coronavirus outbreak. #COVID19 
Latest on #COVID19 worldwide - Iran confirmed 10 new cases of coronavirus infection, including a local politician in Tehran and another death case. The country now has 28 confirmed cases and 5 deaths. Iran probably has the highest mortality rate now, at 17%. 
If you enjoyed infrastructure week you’ll love coronavirus week. Opening wide in the United States soon! Previews available in some military bases in CA, NE, NJ. Trump and Putin will direct this one for maximum impact. A real hit!
In Wuhan, two makeshift hospitals held birthday parties for #coronavirus-infected patients born in February. 
87 more cases of Coronavirus discovered in SK. Total of 433 and 2 fatalities. Of the 87: Daegu 55, Gyeongbuk 14, Gangwon 5, Gyeonggi 4, Seoul 3, Gwangju 2, Daejeon 1, Busan 1, Ulsan 1, and Jeonnam 1. 62 confirmed to be related to Shincheon-ji church.  
VIDEO: China's armies of racing, swerving motorcycle deliverymen have been hailed as saviours during the coronavirus crisis, keeping shut-in citizens fed and stocked up. But  with major adjustments for couriers like Gao Yuchao 
Trump panicked that bumbling US response to coronavirus could derail his re-election campaign: report  …
#CarrieLam has taken on many traits of her boss Dictator Xi. They always politicize fighting #coronavirus. Demand Hospital Authority to punish medical personnel joining the strike→import of mainland workers Accuse the pro-establishment lawmakers→loyalty  …
Recovered Coronavirus patients in #Wuhan must undergo another 14-day quarantine at designated locations - GT *** Imagine you have recovered and then they send you back again. - I have recovered from it! - Nope, we are sending you back again. 
Pandemic soon: #SouthKorea has 229 new #coronavirus cases (total of 433)—more than half are members of a religious sect, their relatives or other contacts. >1,250 members have symptoms, and officials are still trying to locate and screen 700 members.  …
Almost all patients at a psychiatric ward of a South Korean hospital tested positive for the coronavirus, with local reports saying a religious sect with followers who were infected had attended a funeral in the  
WHO concerned about coronavirus cases with no clear link  
The Chinese authorities announced hundreds of new coronavirus cases in Chinese prisons, renewing questions about their methods of accounting for cases  …
As of Friday, @CDCgov had confirmed only 35 #coronavirus cases, but now wants to transfer up to “70 confirmed #coronavirus patients,” likely newly evacuated from #China and/or the #DiamondPrincess. As I warned, MORE #COVID19 cases in the US  soon.  …
This is the scariest trend I’ve seen in 2020. #coronavirus 
Sealed in: Chinese trapped at home by coronavirus feel the strain 
My yogurt ad wasn’t approved so I’m gonna post this without tagging the brand #fuming #angry #coronavirus 
Not to freak you out, but this coronavirus won't be the last one. In fact, its very name, Covid-19, is a template. That number at the end is an implicit recognition that the world will probably be dealing with higher numbers in  years:  
23 passengers walked off the #DiamondPrincess without being tested for #coronavirus, admit Japanese health authorities. All live in Japan and took public transport home.  …
Ukraine’s National Security Council: the attempts to block Wuhan refugees were instigated by non-locals. #coronavirus  …
When religious zealotry meets a deadly epidemic...After an outbreak at a church meeting that potentially infected hundreds, Shincheonji followers were told to lie about being a follower or being at its services as its 'Messiah' leader called #Coronavirus "the work of the devil."  …
Ten new cases of coronavirus in Iran, one dead: health ministry  
This was the report filed by expelled @WSJ journo from #Wuhan. You would think US media/gov officials would care more about Americans like my niece potentially infected with #coronavirus in US. They don’t. They don’t really care about people in China either. 
Member of Tehran chamber  “For the sake of national interest flights to China continued, we even sent 2 million masks. Now we have coronavirus, no masks & sanctioned by FATF.” Note: China is Iran’s lifeline for surviving sanctions. #کروناویروس  …
China to Clamp Down Permanently on Wildlife Trade in Wake of Coronavirus: China’s top law-making body expected to permanently tighten rules on trading wildlife. Wildlife markets are the suspected origin of both the current outbreak & the SARS outbreak.  
I don't understand why information that the Russians are interfering with our election should be classified. To me, it would be similar to the government knowing that there was an outbreak of the coronavirus in  and didn't tell the people so they could take precautions
The Coronavirus arriving to Lebanon  … 
BREAKING: South Korea's PM says people should avoid attending religious gatherings in crowded indoor places amid 'grave' coronavirus outbreak
South Korean Prime Minister Chung calls spread of coronavirus a "grave situation," urges people not to take part in religious activities in crowded indoor places - Yonhap
I'm trying to be nice about that dodgy couple who have coronavirus but their son has just been on the  about the view outside their hospital window.
Global bonds gained $316bn in value this week w/US 30y yield hit fresh lows as Fixed  markets less sanguine about the econ consequences of the coronavirus than stock markets. Value of bonds now at $58tn, $153bn shy of ATH. 
“Everything looked like the movie ‘Contagion.’” A woman returning from Wuhan, China, gave us a look at life inside a U.S. coronavirus quarantine. 
200222 @layzhang replied a Xback, a nurse who is working in the frontline of fighting against novel coronavirus in Wuhan: Because you and your colleagues are there, we all believe that everything will be alright, cheer up, this is my turn to support you #LayZhang 
And now, Japan’s health minister has just apologized for releasing 23 passengers from the Diamond Princess onto public transit last week without having given them coronavirus tests since before 2/5. Stay tuned...  …
President Trump grew enraged with senior advisers this week when 14 Americans who had tested positive for the coronavirus returned to the U.S. after he had been granted assurances that infected patients would remain in quarantine overseas.  …
#Coronavirus: South Korea confirms 100% rise. Dr Tedros @WHO chief, has expressed concern at the number of new cases with no clear link to China or other confirmed cases. His greatest concern is countries with weaker health systems, particularly in  …
My sister took niece to hospital. She has pneumonia. Sis really worried and wants to test for #coronavirus but hospital and doctors couldn’t be bothered. Sis now working frm home to care for niece. They live in Silicon Valley. NYT and WaPo won’t be covering her story like China
#Iran coronavirus Saturday: 5 people dead. 10 more tested positive today. 2 in Tehran. Mayor of Tehran district 13 infected. He had a meeting with Tehran city council & shook their hands. City Council shut down a week.  …
The WHO warned a mysterious “disease X” could spark an international contagion. The new coronavirus, with its ability to quickly morph from mild to deadly, is emerging as a contender 
Amid the novel #coronavirus outbreak, why did these foreigners choose to stay in China? 
South Korea is bracing for a spike in Coronavirus cases after a 'super-spreader' event occurred at a church 'cult' I think it's about time The British Government started closing our Borders as it's clear that Coronavirus is not going to go away.  …
Tune in tomorrow at 9:00PM #Jerusalem time for a very important update on the changing #MiddleEast as the #coronavirus arrived! 
There could be a fecal-oral route for coronavirus after live virus particles were found in stool specimens, according to Chinese researchers 
A recent Chinese study shows the #Wuhan seafood market may not be the #source of the novel #coronavirus and its global spread.  
New antiviral masks from #Israel may help stop deadly #coronavirus Two  are rushing  development of facemasks that could be vital prevention tools in epidemics like #Wuhan coronavirus Via  …
With human rights abuses, the crushing of religious freedom, the coronavirus and oppression of HK, the world should shout "NO to the 2022 Beijing Olympics!" @FreedomHKG @hk_watch @Stand_with_HK @hkdc_us @BeWaterHKG @SolomonYue @Fight4HongKong @mschlapp #HongKong 
Breaking News: Trudeau outlaws the Coronavirus. Says it needs to stop killing people and making them sick. Freeland nods her head. #trudeaumustgo
Trying to escape from a sealed house? #coronavirus 
We need to wake up our elected representatives up about #coronavirus #covid19 We need testing kits in all states and hospitals. Immediate public disclosures and tracing with positive cases. Rapid test kit screening at  airports. Send this to your governors!
(URGENT) PM calls coronavirus infections 'grave' situation, vows efforts to contain virus  …
#UPDATE - #Iran Official numbers: 28 patients with coronavirus, five deaths; 785 suspicious cases -Kermanshah: Two patients with coronavirus & two suspicious cases in Imam Reza Hospital -Iranian couple visiting UAE hospitalized for coronavirus 
Actor Park Seo Joon donates over $80K to aid Daegu in midst of Coronavirus outbreak  
Buses carrying groups of coronavirus evacuees were attacked by a mob of protesters in Ukraine  
Better quality: #Coronavirus vs Ebola, SARS, Swine Flu, MERS Source:  
Thousands of planes criss-cross China every day, but that number has fallen sharply as flights are canceled to  the coronavirus 
Almost all patients at a psychiatric ward of a South Korean hospital tested positive for the coronavirus, with local reports saying a religious sect with followers who were infected had attended a funeral in the  
BREAKING: Fifth coronavirus death in Iran
Health experts warn life-saving coronavirus vaccine still years away. 
Coronavirus patient re-hospitalized in China's Chengdu after testing positive again  
Actual news story this morning on TV. Women will experience more stress and anxiety due to a wedding dress shortage this spring and summer due to the #CoronaVirus. Factories are shut down and dresses will now not be ready, until the fall or winter 2021.
Like we stood with #China and #Wuhan we stand with every nation that is suffering from the spread of #CoronaVirus As a Lebanese I fully support the efforts of our Health ministry and hope for the full recovery of our patients.  …
⁦ @vladaRS⁩ Novel Coronavirus Nucleic Acid Test Report Delivered Within One Hour MGI Develops "Fully Closed Desktop Novel Coronavirus Rapid Tester"-MGI @mz 
Japanese PM Shinzo Abe says the country will take "utmost effort" to prevent the spread of #coronavirus. 3 people have so far died of the infection in Japan. More via @business :  
Every day we find out something new about #coronavirus, through collaborating with partners & the  Read a  by @doctorsoumya and me in @TheLancet on how scientists are sprinting to outpace #COVID19:  …
BREAKING: A plane carrying dozens of people who spent two weeks isolated on a coronavirus-stricken cruise ship in Japan has now landed in the UK. Get the latest on this story here:  
 … Coronavirus appears to have escaped containment and has infected Iran with new cases in Italy and South Korea. Chinese hospitals supposedly being infected also. It is now arguably a pandemic. #Coronavirus #COVID19
BREAKING: Lebanon reports three new cases of coronavirus
American lives are in jeopardy because of this & we have a right to know why this decision was made. @SpeakerPelosi @HouseDemocrats  should open an Investigation. #COVID2019 #coronavirus @RepMaloney @EleanorNorton @RepHarley @RepSpeier @RepDeSaulnier  …
Five Qatar Airways Cargo freighters departed one after the other bound for Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou to support our friends in #China by providing donated medical supplies that can help limit the spread of #Coronavirus. @Boeing #QatarAirways 
My great uncle got blamed for the Black Death no way am I getting blamed for this clusterfuck #coronavirus #COVID2019 
#China asks all  to stop using #biometric identification systems amid the #coronavirus outbreak. The systems use fingerprints to verify who is clocking in and clocking out of work, and may increase the risk of virus transmission. 
U.S. SPREAD 'VERY POSSIBLE, EVEN LIKELY': The CDC is now saying that they are preparing for the "possible, even likely" spread of the coronavirus here in the United States. @IanPannell reports.  
Here is the first 3D atomic-scale map of an integral part of the coronavirus. It's a big step towards developing a vaccine 
Mainland China #coronavirus cases excluding Hubei. Frankly, it's mind-blowing how stupid they think everyone is. 
Coronavirus may be worse than Wall Street is wagering 
Suzuka cancels fan event over coronavirus fears: 
As jitters over #Shincheonji and #coronavirus intensify in Korea, this app that alerts you if you are near a church of Shincheonji is getting popular. According to this app there are about 730 Shincheonji related establishments across the country.  …
Carrie Lam is likely an anti-social. Everything she does is against the interests and demands of Hong Kong people, from the suppression of freedoms and democracy to the inaction to #coronavirus. It's irrational and fallacious that she blames her  to 
It seems apparent to me that Coronavirus will be a global thing now. Window of containment seems long gone. Already the effects are wreaking havoc on the global economy. Hard to see how it will not  rekt when this escalates. How will this affect Bitcoin?
Three overseas Chinese students discuss how China “lost the gamble” trying to control the outbreak quietly and why the #coronavirus crisis could serve as “an awakening moment” 
Coronavirus incubation could be as long as 27 days, Chinese provincial government says. -because the sister was infected doesn't mean she is the source for the male case's infection. Also, how long did he stay with his sister?  …
China has put more than half a billion people under partial or total lockdown in an effort to fight the spread of the new coronavirus. That's equivalent to restricting the movement of the entire population of North America. 
. @WHOAFRO is partnering with @AfricaCDC to prepare countries in Africa for the potential arrival of the #coronavirus. We are also providing advice to countries on how to do screening, testing, contact tracing and #COVID19  …
Three Norwegians were brought home from Wuhan two days ago. Tested negative for Coronavirus, then released with no quarantine. Doesn't seem like a good idea when we know incubation time is up to 27 days?
COVID-19 #COVIDｰ19 #COVID19 #coronavrius #aerosol #2019nCoV #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronaVirusChina #WuhanPneumonia On the subway train, there is an old man who has fallen on the floor and has convulsions. That's said as a 2nd time onset of the new coronavirus toward death..  …
China was shut down for a month due to the #coronavirus outbreak. The economy was hit baldly. Top officials decided to start industrial production, regardless of the outbreak. But virus doesn’t give shit. A man died on the way back to the work. 
Coronavirus incubation could be as long as 27 days, Chinese provincial government says  
WHO Chief: “ The window of ‘containment’ opportunity is narrowing’ #coronavirus ( Guardian) South Korea confirms huge rise in cases , raising the total to 433. Italy reports second coronavirus death, 30 cases reported so far. Iran reports 5 death, 28 cases 
#ParkSeoJoon And #LeeYoungAe Donate To Daegu As City Combats Coronavirus Outbreak  
Coronavirus breakthrough as Australian researchers claim they have developed a vaccine for the deadly illness 
#Samsung Electronics the world's top smartphone maker said today that one #coronavirus case had been confirmed at its mobile device  in the southeastern city of #Gumi, causing a shutdown of its entire facility for the next two days.
The WHO warned a mysterious “disease X” could spark an international contagion. The new coronavirus, with its ability to quickly morph from mild to deadly, is emerging as a contender 
The release of movie 'Time To Hunt' starring Lee Je Hoon, Choi Woo Shik, Ahn Jae Hong, and Park Jung Min has been postponed in order to prevent further infection spread of the coronavirus Source:  
Terrifying. Church cult at center of South Korea coronavirus spike  …
Coronavirus outbreak a ‘disaster’ for luxury brands as China sales crash, says former LVMH executive  …
SOUTH KOREA: *In the first update, SK reported 142 new cases. *A couple of hours later, SK reported another 87 new cases. *Total cases in South Korea now: 433. *2 deaths. *Samsung closes factory in SK. #coronavirus
In the coronavirus outbreak, it’s not the rising numbers that are worrying experts: It's that they can't trace where some disease clusters started. 
Two key countries in the Shiite axis, #Lebanon and #Iraq, have by now confirmed #coronavirus cases that originated in #Iran.
1/ When the Diamond Princess docked in Yokohama after confirming that a passenger who got off in Hong Kong tested positive for coronavirus, it was hard to imagine what followed: two weeks of unstinting drama & mishaps that led to 634 cases & two deaths. 
Panic in #Iraq: an Iraqi man who just returned from #Iran is diagnosed with #coronavirus.
Hundreds of people have been quarantined at two hotels in Soran town in the #Kurdistan Region’s Erbil province after returning from #Iran. #coronavirus  …
Iran reports one more death among 10 new cases of the novel #coronavirus. So far, 28 people have been confirmed infected, and five died of the virus. 
Hundreds of couples wearing facemasks tied the knot at a mass wedding in the Philippines amid the threat of the #COVID19 disease. Get the latest on the #coronavirus here:  
*Do a short stream about coronavirus *Come back to 10 infected Iranians (1 dead), another dead Italian, and 87 more infected South Koreans. 
And speaking of spreading #coronavirus rumours and conspiracy theories ladies and gentlemen I give you the Global Times #China’s dirt rag  …
#Coronavirus: Young Nigerian Man Volunteers In China | Sahara Reporters Babatunde was touched by the workers, who fight against Coronavirus at the frontline and decided to contribute his quota. The Nigerian student takes the temperature of... READ MORE:  
A surge in coronavirus cases and deaths in Iran is raising concern because the outbreak can’t be traced directly back to China 
Would Africa cope with a #coronavirus outbreak? 
Costa Mesa Calif wins a temporary restraining order that blocks the relocation of 30-50 people suspected of infection w/ #coronavirus. Costa Mesa doesn't want them. Some were from a cruise ship in Japan. All were housed at Travis AFB but were evacuated  
Junior high school teacher infected with coronavirus didn’t travel anywhere or know anyone with it. They just closed the school down until Wed. Why is everyone ignoring the 2 week incubation period?? No telling how many asymptomatic students have it  …
*catches coronavirus* school nurses: 
I think @realDonaldTrump’s visit to India is even more important now, in light of China’s miserable response to the coronavirus and threat to the global economy. Also, the US must eliminate single points of failure to our supply chain and create redundant systems in the US.
District nurses are already at breaking point, propping up the terrible social care system in the UK. Now they will also be used as Covid-19 home testers. Its not feasible or safe. #coronavirus
WHO concerned about coronavirus cases with no clear epidemiological link  
After seeing the coronavirus  out of China, the Chinese government’s inhumane response to it, and the massive deaths from it, how can countries  ignore that and go back to business as usual for a few cents per unit? The entire country is a “gulag”.
South Korea says coronavirus cases more than double, total now 433  
A report from TV Asahi that suspected some Americans died of influenza may have unknowningly contracted the coronavirus has gone viral on Chinese social media, stoking fears and speculations in China that the novel coronavirus may have originated in the US  
*Coronavirus spreads in Europe* “Are you still against vaccines?” No-Vax Mothers: 
Mayor of Tehran’s 13th District has tested positive for #Coronavirus. The PR dept. of municipality had initially denied it saying he had the flu. He’s the man in the mask & had been in contact with many other members of the council & other people who were then in contact FM Zarif 
Coronavirus vs. Ebola/SARS/Swine Flue/MERS (watch until the end)  …
Ten new cases of coronavirus in Iran, one dead: health ministry  
Didn't know this before. Not saying coronavirus is not deadly, but just didn't know this number before. We got a long way to go on biotech. » Flu Kills 646,000 People Worldwide Each Year: Study  …
China never sent a representative to the WHO press conferences on coronavirus to answer public questions. Such a glaring omission for the outbreak source country  irresponsible.
drill for anti #coronavirus “ terrorists ” in China by SWAT just absurd 
South Korea confirms huge rise in Coronavirus cases 
Samsung Electronics confirms one coronavirus case at phone  in South Korea  
Today in the #Gwanghwamun square area - #Seoul - #SouthKorea: Thousands of people protested against the government and boycotted China, despite a ban on protests to prevent the spread of #COVID19, after when Seoul had 433 cases of #coronavirus 
Samsung will shut down operations at a plant in Gumi City after an employee was confirmed to be infected with the coronavirus 
WHO concerned about coronavirus cases with no clear epidemiological link  
#Iran identifies 28 patients infected with #coronavirus, confirms 5 deaths 
Delhi: Union Cabinet Secretary Rajiv Gauba chairs a high-level review meeting on #coronavirus (COVID-19). He says, "Citizens are advised to avoid non-essential travel to Singapore". 
Ten new cases of coronavirus in Iran, one dead: health ministry  
BREAKING: Second coronavirus death in Italy
A British pub. An Alpine ski resort. When attendees left a conference in Singapore, they took coronavirus with them, sparking an international dragnet. 
The mayor of Tehran's District 13, the one with a mask in this photo of a City Council meeting, has tested positive for #coronavirus in 3 out of 4 tests, according to member of City Council. Scary point is that he's shaken hands with almost all members, including chairman 
15 minutes! New rapid test kits for #coronavirus have been developed by a  in Hefei, China 
#BREAKING Second person dies in Italy from coronavirus - ANSA 
Fascinating animations. Curious about the potential carbon emissions reduction that results as a byproduct of coronavirus responses and likely economic downturn. Nature works in mysterious ways.  …
Another man suddenly collapsed in subway at Hong Kong. Not sure #coronavirus or another thing.... Maybe just a flu... 
The more we know about #coronavirus, the more we see how easy it is to transmit with it's very long incubation period, but WHO's director, Tedros Ghebreyesus, insists that there is no need to restrict travel. He is a #Chinese asset that repeats the Chinese line.  
THANKS TO A STRONG SMART & PRUDENT MAYOR OF COSTA MESA ⁦ @KatrinaFoley⁩-KEEP IT AWAY-until cured & learn more -they are lying about this virus Federal Judge Allows Costa Mesa To Block Transfer Of Up To 50 Coronavirus Patients To City – CBS Los Angeles  …
A hospital in north-west Seoul, Eunpyeong, has confirmed that one patient and one staff member have coronavirus
"BBI is stronger than coronavirus." - Babu Owino. Meanwhile, DJ Evolve cannot speak and doctors are feeding him through tubes. Cleansing ya Raila si kidogo. Being poor in Kenya is tough. #BBIinNarok
The world in grips of an epidemic more dangerous than coronavirus: the spread of racist fear-mongering occasioned by its outbreak, the racist xenophobia that has offered it fertile ground to breed fear of the foreigner By  …
10 new coronavirus cases in Iran, and one new fatality  …
It’s great to see African leadership in action. Today’s meeting on #coronavirus convened by the @_AfricanUnion and attended by @WHO and partners is a powerful demonstration of collective  to tackling #coronavirus 
Coronavirus latest: - South Korea reported 229 fresh cases of coronavirus and Yonhap said a third patient died - The WHO said 18 coronavirus cases in Iran is “very worrisome” - Italy had its first fatality 
The latest #WuhanCoronavirus case patient, who is 96yo lady, visited a buddhist temple "Fook Wai Ching She". The confirmed #coronavirus couple who lives in Siu Sai Wan also went to the same temple. 
The total number of #COVID19 cases reported from mainland China to date is 76,288. The figures include 11,477 severe cases and 2,345 people who have died. #coronavirus 
JUST IN: new #coronavirus cases in Lombardy (Milan’s region) grew overnight from 14 to 27
During the novel #coronavirus outbreak, a fried cake shop in Beijing has created its own "contactless" sales method. The store sents fried cakes to customers, using a swing made of rope and storage box. 
At least 5 cases of Coronavirus (COVID-19) in #Iran. I pray for the people in Iran. They have leaders that couldn't care less if people die - as long as they obey the radical Islamist law. #Coronavirus 
China reports fall in new coronavirus cases but concerns grow over spread elsewhere  
Developing: Third potential coronavirus death in Korea: A man in his 40s found dead at his home in Gyeongju. Confirmed to have been infected with COVID-19. The man is believed to be the 3rd person to die of coronavirus in Korea.  …
Shahr-e-Rey, southeast of Tehran, #Iran Firouzabadi Hospital Video shows a coronavirus patient being hospitalized. Officials say more than 750 people are suspected of being infected with the illness. Rest assured the actual numbers are far higher. 
#UPDATE Mashhad, NE #Iran Video shows a coronavirus patient placed into an ambulance to be transferred to a hospital. 
Breaking: Man who died at his home in Gyeongju posthumously reportedly tested positive for coronavirus. This would bring the death toll to 3 in South Korea.  …
COVID-19 in Malaysia ... Numbers at a glance as of 22nd February 2020, 3 pm #coronavirus #COVID19 #sihatmilikku 
Sealed in: Chinese trapped at home by coronavirus feel the strain  
this would mark the third death of a coronavirus patient in south korea. a total of 433 people have been confirmed to be infected in the nation.  …
Samsung Electronics Co. will suspend operations at a plant in Gumi City, South Korea, after an employee was confirmed to be infected with the coronavirus.
7 of South Korea’s confirmed coronavirus cases had just returned from an 8 day trip to Israel. 77 people were on the holiday organised by their Catholic Church.
The coronavirus outfall has wiped ~25% of China's CO₂ emissions over the past two weeks, which would reduce annual emissions by ~1%. Will the changes be sustained, or be offset / reversed by the government response to the crisis? @laurimyllyvirta  
South Korea has reported more confirmed cases of coronavirus, bringing the total to over 400.  …
The WHO and China both seem doomed to repeat their mistakes of the past in their response to the coronavirus  via @bopinion
A young police officer fainted at work during the battle against the #coronavirus epidemic. 
Thanks #Twitter For certifying that i am HUMAN.. I LOVE IT.. Yet, i would appreciate, if you can memorize it, instead of suspending my account every other day! I LOVE @Twitter and i am like all #Lovers to be LOVED in RETURN Big Hug Dear that’s certainly SAFE from the #coronavirus 
Japan is emerging as one of the riskiest places for the spread of the coronavirus, prompting criticism of Shinzo Abe’s government 
#EverydayHero Wu Kui and his colleagues prepare meals for the medics and patients at the First People's Hospital in #Wuhan. The 20-something strong team cooks more than 1,000 servings of meals that would otherwise have been done by more than 80 workers. #COVID19 #coronavirus 
China's citizens are beginning to question not just the government response to coronavirus, but the  of the Communist Party 
HONG KONG - Hong Kong protesters, many dressed in black and wearing surgical masks amid fears over the new coronavirus, held sit-ins in the Chinese-ruled city on Friday to mark seven months since an attack by an armed mob on anti-government demonstrators.  
PHOTOS: #Nigerian student volunteers  #coronavirus in #China | TheCable  
I just wiped the public toilet with hand sanitizer and toilet paper Nice try Coronavirus, you ain’t getting me.
(URGENT) S. Korea reports 87 more cases of new coronavirus, total soars to 433  …
South Korea reports 87 additional cases of coronavirus on Saturday afternoon, bringing the country’s total to 433 cases, according to the South Korean Center for Disease Control and Prevention (KCDC)’s official website.
If this report is true - that a leaked government document shows Carrie Lam intending to use #coronavirus for political gain - it is shocking @appledaily_hk can we see the document? @newsgovhk What does Carrie Lam have to say about it?  …
Hard to describe my feeling as of late. A lot of people have been quite dismissive of coronavirus. Although I know a few of you guys are watching closely, and may be worried. I'm not TOO worried on a personal level, but it's  clearer by the day that this thing is gonna /1
BREAKING: 87 More cases of #coronavirus in South Korea taking their total to 433. In the last 48 hours, South Korea has seen a RAPID Increase in cases February 19: 51 cases February 20: 104 cases Feburary 21: 204 cases February 22: 433 cases and still ongoing
Coronavirus patient re-hospitalized in China's Chengdu after testing positive again  
BREAKING: Iran coronavirus death toll rises to four
Experts are looking to clusters of #coronavirus infection for clues as to how it is spread. South Korea saw a big jump in cases (+142 to 346) and infections are showing up in Iran, Lebanon & Italy. @WHO warns a 'window of opportunity' to contain the virus is 'narrowing'. @NBCNews
A 20-year-old Chinese female from Wuhan infected five relatives without ever showing symptoms, offering new evidence that the #coronavirus can be spread asymptomatically, shows a study by Chinese scientists.
Pathologists shed some light on the coronavirus 
87 more cases of Coronavirus discovered in Korea The total number of cases in Korea is now 433  …
The #coronavirus was unexpected – but Xi, the #US trade war and #HongKong are #China’s black swans too As the CCP realises reforms will be a substantial undertaking, its current uncertainty is a breeding ground for unanticipated events A great  …
Korea Center for Disease Control and Prevention continues a great job with daily briefings and regular updates online throughout the day, everyday, on coronavirus So far 346 confirmed cases: - 327 quarantined - 17 discharged - 2 deaths - 5,481 being tested - 13,794 cleared  …
BREAKING - South Korea confirms 87 new #COVID19 cases, total now 433 people infected with the coronavirus in the country. 
“‘Less deadly than SARS and, for most people, no more impactful than  cold”.....SURE! #Coronavirus 
(URGENT) S. Korea reports 87 more cases of new coronavirus, total soars to 433  …
Find out how we've started to pilot home testing for #coronavirus in London, which will be carried out by NHS staff. For anyone who is concerned they have signs and symptoms — they should continue to use NHS 111 as their first point of contact.  
Here are answers from health and travel experts to  questions about the coronavirus and travel 
Richard Branson is confident his first cruise ship ‘Scarlet Lady’ will  coronavirus fears despite the unfortunate timing of the launch  
"The coronavirus issue could not  at a worse time to start a cruise line." 
Shocking #Coronavirus drill: what happened if you have fever & try to run thru the police. Scary. 
JUST IN: Passengers stranded inside the train at ROME-Lecce route due to suspected #coronavirus. The entire train is under lockdown with passengers inside. (Corrieresalentino) 
Feb 22 - #Iran #UPDATE -Morteza Rahmanzadeh, mayor of Tehran's District 13, tests positive for coronavirus: state TV;  -Reports indicate a hospital staff member in Tehran died from the virus 
Happening now! the Emergency Meeting on #Coronavirus with Health Ministers from Africa convened by the @_AfricanUnion @AfricaCDC . @WHO @DrMoeti  participants and promises @WHO support to 
"This is not right," said a Hubei man whose father can't get chemo for lung cancer because Chinese hospitals are focused on the epidemic. "All the lives not touched by the coronavirus — are those lives not worth saving?" Searing report from  …
Officials confirm 34 total coronavirus cases in US  
BREAKING: Iraq advises its nationals against travel to Iran over coronavirus outbreak
Coronavirus cuts China’s greenhouse gas emissions by a quarter  … Experts say the drop not permanent but outbreak highlights how ‘vulnerable’ society 
Am not surprised at all by the statements made by this two, it is said bird's of a feather flok together. Kenyans please for the good of man and country avoid these fellows, the virus they carry is worse than coronavirus. Am out of BBI if these 2 are in. 
Coronavirus incubation could be as long as 27 days, Chinese provincial government says  
China "The Coronavirus is devastating us" Disney "Well I see China is no longer a viable market" 
The #coronavirus' incubation period could be much longer than 14 days. A 70-year-old man in Hubei province, the epicenter of the outbreak, was infected with the virus but didn't show any symptoms unitl 27 days later, said local health authority Saturday.
UPDATE: A federal judge granted the city of Costa Mesa a temporary restraining order to block the CDC from its plans to transfer up to 50 coronavirus patients to the city's Fairview Developmental Center this weekend.  
Good morning from #Germany, which could be hard hit by the Coronavirus.  do a good deal of their business w/ #China. Above all the chip manufacturer Infineon, which makes a third of its sales in the Middle Kingdom.  also threatened by sharp drop in 
Junior high school teacher in Chiba City, Japan diagnosed with coronavirus. Went to work for a week after the first symptoms.  …
CORONAVIRUS: SOUTH KOREA COMPLETED THE SURVEY OF 9,850 PEOPLE AT SHINCHEON DAEGU CHURCH || 1350 PEOPLE “SUSPICIOUS SYMPTOMS” #breakingnews #coronavirus
Africa discusses joint continental strategy on coronavirus  approach to monitoring movement of persons to enhance surveillance in the continent 
Three overseas Chinese students discuss how China “lost the gamble” trying to control the outbreak quietly and why the #coronavirus crisis could serve as “an awakening moment” 
"I assure you that WHO  to working with all African countries to do everything we can to prevent transmission, and detect and treat cases as early as possible"- @DrTedros #COVID19 #coronavirus
"The increasing signs of transmission outside #China show that the window of opportunity we have for containing this #coronavirus is narrowing. We are calling on all countries to invest urgently in preparedness"- @DrTedros #COVID19
Very worrying findings #Coronavirus Wuhan woman with no symptoms infects five relatives with coronavirus - study | Article [AMP] | Reuters  …
"During the past month about 11,000 African #healthworkers have been trained using WHO’s online courses on #COVID19, which are available free of charge in English, French & other languages at  "- @DrTedros #coronavirus
"We’re working with manufacturers of personal protective equipment [PPE] to address the severe disruption in the market for masks, gloves, gowns and other PPE, to ensure we can protect #healthworkers"- @DrTedros #COVID19 #coronavirus
"Some countries in Africa, including , are also leveraging the capacity they have built up to test for #Ebola to test for #COVID19. This is a great example of how investing in health systems can pay dividends for health security"- @DrTedros #coronavirus
BREAKING: 18 confirmed cases of coronavirus in Iran, with around another 300 suspected cases.
Meet the youngest #coronavirus patient – a three-month-old baby girl – who was recently discharged from a hospital in Hangzhou City, east China's Zhejiang Province. Nurses at the hospital became "temporary moms" to the little girl, feeding and cleaning her. 
Not like Chinese scientists would lazily-splice a SARS-like bat coronavirus S-protein with H7N9 M1 protein and then improperly dispose of whatever poor lab animal they were torturing with that concoction.  …
[USER CONTENT] South Korea reports second coronavirus death + 142 more new cases, bringing total to 346  
"It’s hard to believe that only 52 days ago, WHO’s country office in #China was notified of a cluster of cases of pneumonia of unknown cause in Wuhan city"- @DrTedros #COVID19 #coronavirus
BEIJING, Feb 22 (Reuters) - China is bringing in seven cruise ships to house medical workers in Wuhan, state media said on Saturday, at a time when such ships are under scrutiny after hundreds of passengers on the Diamond Princess liner in Japan contracted the coronavirus.
Chinese researchers have isolated a novel #coronavirus strain from swab sample of infected patients' urine, said Zhao Jincun, a member of Chinese respiratory expert Zhong Nanshan's research group. 
I have received a letter from Prof. Li Bochao, President of Xiangtan University in China, thanking me for showing solidarity with the people of China at this difficult time with the Coronavirus. He has assured me that the Ugandan students in Xiangtan are safe.
World markets start collapsing as #China, #SouthKorea and #Japan are afflicted with the #coronavirus. The supply of so many products and materials is felt worldwide as production and assembly lines are shut down for days and weeks!
The Japan Ministry for Health, Labour and Welfare policy not to test its staff working on the infected cruse ship for coronavirus is received with disbelief, despair, and disdain by the concerned Japanese people. This chain of mismanagement and inaction is quite unbelievable.
CORONAVIRUS UPDATE: Still no cases of #coronavirus in Hawaii, but the number of those under voluntary isolation in the state is rising. @KHONnews We now have 56 people in Hawaii in isolation... Here's the breakdown: - 51 on Oahu - 4 on Big Island - 1 on 
We’re starting: Emergency @AfricaCDC Ministerial meeting on #COVID2019 @_AfricanUnion with @WHO @DrTedros connected live from Geneva. @Elfadil_DSA describing new African public health order since @AfricaCDC created in Jan 2017 & how this is helping expand #coronavirus diagnostics  – at African Union HQ
Coronavirus vaccine to face animal testing within days, Queensland researchers say  …
Ministry of Health employees who worked in the cruise ship went back to regular work without a coronavirus test "considering the effect to their work in case a lot of them showed positive test results" Seriously?  …
I want to take a video to watch out for the coronavirus in all languages! But My pronunciation is weird, so it looks like I'm joking! I'll stop here! Let's be careful! Let's meet soon! #coronavirus #becareful
#SouthKorea has stepped up measures to contain the spread of the deadly new #coronavirus, as confirmed infections increased sharply for a second day. PM Chung Sye-kyun said it was now an emergency as 100 new cases and the country's second death were confirmed.
#BREAKING Judge grants temporary order blocking Costa Mesa site from use for coronavirus quarantine  …
Alright just gonna say it now - Japan govt are handling this whole thing  muppets... #coronavirus  …
The U.S. is unprepared to deal with this coronavirus because Trump eliminated the NSC position of Senior Director for Global Health Security, made budget cuts to the CDC over the past 3 years, and put an idiot in charge of it.The man is a danger to us  …
Wuhan woman with no symptoms infects five relatives with coronavirus - study  
BREAKING ; Australian scientists have developed a potential coronavirus vaccine. The information is being shared with  to begin trials cc @thespybrief @DrDenaGrayson @LouiseMensch  …
US woman from the Diamond Princess Cruise flight admits on national TV they both lied about not having coronavirus symptoms and got on a plane to Omaha. Retweet & Spread This EVERYWHERE. These 2 NEED to be arrested. #coronavirus #coronavirusindia 
Big data meets coronavirus: China desperately needs people to get back to work, and it's increasingly counting an opaque set of calculations to determine exactly who needs to be quarantined to prevent another wave of infections  …
Coronavirus: asymptomatic Wuhan woman shows why outbreak 'will be hard to stop'  …
#Coronavirus incubation could be as long as 27 days says  …
Coronavirus: #China is intentionally delaying an #Indian flight to evacuate Indian people from #Wuhan An Indian Air Force C-17 Globemaster was scheduled to fly to Wuhan on Friday to evacuate Indians but China delays giving clearance while saying that there is no 
So pewdiepiss is not only back 10 months early after he promised to be gone for a whole year but he also made a video about the coronavirus epidemic like it’s some sort of joke to laugh at
SHANGHAI, Feb 22 (Reuters) - A 70-year-old man in China's Hubei Province was infected with coronavirus but did not show symptoms until 27 days later, the local government said on Saturday, meaning the virus' incubation period could be much longer than the presumed 14 days.
102 patients from same hospital in South Korea have coronavirus  …
#Coronavirus latest: - South Korea reported 142 more confirmed cases of coronavirus - 2360 people have died globally from the virus - Four more Australian passengers who had been evacuated from the Diamond Princess cruise ship off Japan tested positive  
"False news spreads more rapidly on the social network Twitter than real news does," a 2018 study found. Here's how the World Health Organization is fighting the spread of misinformation surrounding the new coronavirus. 
South Korean health officials say 111 confirmed cases of #coronavirus (almost a  from Cheongdo Daenam Hospital near Deagu. 102 patients including the two who died and 9 staff. This is the hospital where Shincheonji church members held a funeral over several days.
A good first step. “The restraining order from U.S. District Judge Josephine Staton prevents transportation of anyone infected with or exposed to the coronavirus anywhere in Costa Mesa before a hearing scheduled for 2 p.m. Monday at the federal courthouse in Santa Ana.” 
More than 500 new coronavirus cases detected in PRISONS across China fuels fears about the virus's ability to spread 
The World Bank unveiled its first insurance-like pandemic bond in 2017 -- but it has yet to disburse funds. Amid the new coronavirus outbreak, some experts say the bond has not worked as intended and has unduly benefited investors. 
A federal court has blocked efforts to transfer dozens of patients who tested positive for the coronavirus from Travis Air Force Base in Northern California to an empty building in Southern California. 
Wuhan woman with no symptoms infects five relatives with coronavirus: study  
A judge has temporarily blocked the U.S. government from quarantining coronavirus patients in Costa Mesa after city officials argued that the surprise proposal came with no information about how surrounding neighborhoods would be protected from the virus.  …
South Korea reports 142 additional coronavirus cases, brings total to 346: KCDC  
These pictures were taken from temporary hospital in Wuhan city. #coronavirus 
Judge halts plan to house coronavirus patients in Costa Mesa — for now  …
@SenatorMoorlach please lend your support for Costa Mesa as they and surrounding cities (such as Newport Beach) fight against the transfer of up to 70 #coronavirus patients to Costa Mesa! Thank You! 
Researchers in Queensland have made a major breakthrough, developing a potential coronavirus vaccine in less than a month.  #Coronavirus 
#Breaking: #Iran|ian official infected with the Coronavirus according to Reuters
UPDATE: Judge Josephine Staton issued a Temporary Restraining Order preventing the transportation of persons infected with or exposed to the Coronavirus (aka COVID-19) to any place within Costa Mesa until an expedited hearing can be held at 2 p.m. on Monday, February 24.
Here’s a timeline of what we know so far about the coronavirus outbreak 
#Kuwait's civil aviation authority decided to stop all flights to and from #Iran amid fears from the #coronavirus outbreak.  …
All over the world People deemed safe by the Japanese government on the ship, are now testing positive for #CoronaVirus after evacuation Of the over 500 Japanese passengers sent home, some are probably carrying back more than Omiyage  …
Masks, glasses are banned at this church cult. Followers attend even when they’re sick, sit tightly together during services, are taught not to be afraid of illness. Now 150 members test positive for #coronavirus and authorities can’t locate the rest.  …
W.H.O’s Director General says the window of opportunity to contain the #coronavirus is "narrowing", calls on countries to prepare  transmission. Also adds, the virus is at a “tipping point" after new cases and deaths in Iran, Lebanon and Canada from 
US Officials Preparing for ‘Likely’ Spread of New  … via @epochtimes
Amazing! 1,000 #masks in just one minute! This factory in Guangzhou, South China's #Guangdong Province, is using high-speed automated technology to produce masks amid the novel #coronavirus outbreak. 
The only source other than CDC and WHO that I trust for accurate and up to date information about the new coronavirus. Everyone should watch. especially  …
 to other virus outbreaks. 
1st case of coronavirus confirmed in Sacramento County, officials say - #Coronavirus 
All travellers entering through Busia and Malaba entry points undergo screening for #Coronavirus. As of today, Uganda has NO suspected or confirmed case of 
How deadly is the #coronavirus? Is it just like flu as someone suggested? Dr. Chen Shu of Huashan Hospital, Fudan University, said in his first 8 days in Wuhan, all patients under his care died of the virus. Only since 02/19 he saw some patients survived and were discharged. 
If this isn't madness, I don't know what is. They are against Moon Jae-in's response to coronavirus, but don't seem to worry about the potential spread of the virus among many elderly people in close proximity of each other, defying a ban on rallies.  – at 광화문광장
There could be a fecal-oral route for coronavirus after live virus particles were found in stool specimens, according to Chinese researchers 
#BREAKING: A federal judge Friday night granted a temporary restraining order prohibiting anyone with coronavirus from being moved or transferred to the city of Costa Mesa. 
Coronavirus latest update South Korea reports 142 more #coronavirus cases, total 346 Italy locks down TEN towns after 1st coronavirus death as cases jump to 17 The Novel coronavirus has spread to several Iranian cities. 
Wuhan woman with no symptoms infects five relatives with coronavirus: study  
Arukuma is wearing a mask to avoid coronavirus. 
China reports fall in coronavirus cases, says economy resilient, but infections rising elsewhere  
Curious what the spread of coronavirus will be in countries with affordable healthcare and here, where people routinely wait as long as possible to see a doctor they can’t afford.
Presumed Asymptomatic Carrier Transmission of #COVID19 incubation period of 19 days! The 14 day isolation is not long enough, folks. We need to go to at least 24 days this thing is a monster. @realDonaldTrump #coronavirus  … – at National Institutes of Health (NIH)
I care about the coronavirus as far as it allows me to shoehorn in casual anti Chinese racism with acquaintances
Dr Zhong Nanshan’s team successfully isolated #COVID2019 from urine of patients. Can experts tell us what this means? Another channel for the #coronavirus to spread? Official Chinese report at  
The deadly coronavirus outbreak has halted China's production of consumer goods like phones, clothing, and automobiles. Amid the public health crisis, global businesses like Apple, Amazon, and Facebook are starting to take a hit. 
CORONAVIRUS -South Korea reports “146” new cases of #coronavirus in “ONE DAY” raising their total to 346 -Virtually 10 Towns in #Italy on lockdown - #Iran and #Japan being hit very hard ITS TIME THE WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION DECLARES THIS AS GLOBAL PANDEMIC.
When an authoritarian gov’t says there’s a “possibility” coronavirus is in “all cities across the country” ... it’s in all cities across the country. This is fine.  …
FEDERAL JUDGE GRANTS RESTRAINING ORDER HALTING TRANSFER OF 25-50 CONFIRMED CORONAVIRUS PATIENTS FROM TRAVIS AFB TO COSTA MESA, CA - FOX
7,600 people returned to #California after visiting China during the outbreak of the #coronavirus *& they have been asked to quarantine themselves at home.* If it's anything like asking people to be responsible and use a toilet to poop, we're in trouble.  …
Interestingly, influenza cases in Japan have dropped 60% from a year earlier to 44,737  to 129,989 cases in 2019. One factor has been people washing hands more, avoiding crowds and wearing masks in public as a result of the Coronavirus.  …
Anybody like me glad that we are not religious #coronarovirus Coronavirus outbreak: South Korea church cluster drives huge jump in cases  …
BREAKING: Federal judge grants temporary restraining order halting US government plan to transport 35-50 #coronavirus patients from Travis Air Force Base to Fairview Developmental Center in Costa Mesa as soon as this weekend. City was blindsided and sued.  …
South Korea now has 340 confirmed #coronavirus cases. - @CNN
Dr. HUA Guang, of the Second Hospital of Hunan University of Chinese Medicine, finished his 12-hour shift. With colleagues, he diagnosed 50 #coronavirus patients today. He was drenched in sweat in his bunny suit. He wore an adult diaper, he said, because he had no break. 
In the city of Enshi in Hubei, a patient who tested positive for the #coronavirus showed symptoms of pneumonia 38 days after he was infected, a local paper reports. Previously, Chinese epidemiologist Zhong Nanshan said the incubation period of #COVID2019 can be up to 24 
. @IngrahamAngle reports #CoronaVirus outbreak in Iran it’s not related to China. 
The Coronavirus Pandemic Is Accelerating Worldwide  
Made in China A piece of crap falsely claiming it disinfects you of the coronavirus in twenty seconds!  …
Trump was not told coronavirus-infected Americans would be flown home from cruise ship 
I’ve just learned that a judge has granted a temporary injunction blocking the transfer of #coronavirus patients to #CostaMesa this weekend  …
6. Update: China's newly cured coronavirus patients continued to outnumber new infections for a 4th consecutive day. As of 21 Feb, Hubei, the epicenter province of the outbreak, reported 366 new cases. 18 provinces reported ZERO new cases.
So here’s what I don’t understand. If  for infectious viruses to be transmitted by asymptomatic carriers ... why is symptomatic presentation of coronavirus one of the determining factors in whether someone is tested or not?
. @WHO head @DrTedros said said it was "very concerning" that #Iran had reported 18 cases and four deaths in just the past two days, adding that the WHO was supplying testing kits to Tehran #Coronavirus  …
#Coronavirus/ #COVID19 cases are now snowballing in #SouthKorea, #Italy, & #Iran. This should now be treated as a #GlobalHealth & #GlobalSecurity emergency. Ceasefires in all conflict zones ( #Syria, #Yemen, etc.) should be immediately sought to contain   …
Only in China: Medical SWAT teams with riot shields and dog-catcher nets practicing to catch a person with coronavirus symptoms. H/T  …
AppleDaily cites a confidential report from #CarrieLam to #Beijing, saying she would make use of #HongKongers fear of #coronavirus as a political turnaround for city’s Sept legco election 
For many here it's clear that their freedom of expression is more important than the safety of millions. Many elderly people, mabg aren't wearing masks, some children too. We've seen what large gatherings have produced in Daegu: a mass coronavirus outbreak. I have no words. 
A 29yo doctor died from catching the #coronavirus a second time. You dont develop immunity. An asymptomatic person is still testing positive after 10 days. The virus can be shed in fecal matter......imagine what will happen in CA if it gets out there? Wise words from @RNcat50
TRUTH IS EMERGING: Based on a phone call to a Wuhan Crematorium, Zooming In calculated since 1/25, roughly 470 people died of #coronavirus every day in Wuhan. From 1/25-2/12, over 8000 people died in the city. LIVE:   04
*SOUTH KOREA REPORTS 142 MORE CONFIRMED CASES OF CORONAVIRUS Second day in a row South Korea cases doubled. See the table, they are currently test another 5,481 so the "daily doubles" might not be over. @ErikSTownsend @MishGEA @chrismartenson @freezerohedge 
Ha! US citizens seeking to return home for medical care in quarantined area. . .hell no! Foreign illegal aliens wanting to roam  crimes in CA cities . . .  #SanctuaryCities #coronavirus
All those op-eds about how ’democracy’ would’ve improved China’s response to the coronavirus getting tested right now.  …
**Confirmed cases of Coronavirus are still 346. The 1,261 churchgoers from Shincheon-ji exhibited corona related symptoms. I'll post an update with official confirmed numbers once they're released.
The Trump administration is seriously underprepared to tackle the coronavirus. There's: • no one leading the National Security Council's global health security team • no real plan for hospitals • no system to disseminate up-to-date information 
"As health professionals attend to coronavirus, we must tackle and defeat the racist xenophobia that has offered it fertile ground to breed fear of the foreigner."  — #AJOpinion by @HamidDabashi
Just weeks after the genome sequence of recently emerged #coronavirus—2019-nCoV—was published online, researchers have reported in Science the cryo-EM structure of the protein it uses to gain entry to host cells, which may help with vaccine efforts.  
ICYMI: As the coronavirus outbreak continues, a group of scientists & experts are calling on governments around the world to "reduce the risk of future infectious disease epidemics" by closing wildlife markets & ending exploitation for trade:  via @CBC
Trump furious after officials allowed Americans with coronavirus to fly home with other passengers: report  
Patient Zero in Italy was also asymptomatic. Serious question ... Is there another example of a naturally occurring influenza or coronavirus strain that is this infectious without symptoms?  …
After convening the Incident Response Group, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau updated Canadians on the work being done to end the blockades & restore rail service across the country, keep Canadians safe from the coronavirus, and support families of the victims of Flight PS752. 
CBS Los Angeles is reporting the transfer of up to 70 confirmed coronavirus patients to the city. I thought there were only 35 confirmed cases in all of the United States?  …
This data, showing declining flu incidence and reduced overall severity relative  seasons (with exception of a tragic increase in pediatric deaths) may be factoring into epidemiological data reassuring U.S. health officials that coronavirus unlikely to be circulating
had dinner with Chinese national in Midtown NYC (lawyer) she said #coronavirus has infected 3.0 million and killed closer to 250,000 and their government is lying.
NEC Director Larry Kudlow Discusses, Coronavirus, China and U.S. Economy…  
They are now singing the South Korean national anthem. Many of the protesters are elderly, and aren't wearing masks. This rally has been banned by Seoul City due to the recent surge in coronavirus cases.  – at 광화문광장
A plant in South Dakota is working overtime to make face masks to help ease the shortage in China due to the #coronavirus 
Prisons emerged as a new flashpoint in the fast-spreading coronavirus as three Chinese provinces reported outbreaks at penitentiaries 
#Iran covered up the coronavirus outbreak to boost Friday's election turnout. And the regime failed miserably.  …
I’m not often wrong. Hope I am #coronavirus will  phase 6 pandemic start calling your governors and press them on preparation, response plans Why do I say this? - Iran funeral, elections spread - South Korea doubled cases yesterday - Starting to get warm in Singapore
Sanrio Puroland is closing for a few weeks to prevent the spread of coronavirus I was really lucky to be able to visit on my birthday before they closed! 
[Breaking] The increase in coronavirus cases in SK is due to churchgoers from Shincheon-ji, Daegu. An older woman attended the church with corona symptoms and 1,261 out of 9,336 tested positive for covid19. They were not able to contact 710 others.  
The first coronavirus case in Daegu, home to @USArmy Garrison Daegu, was reported on Tuesday. By Friday, the city and its surrounding areas had 152, including South Korea’s first two fatalities from the illness.  …
PC shipments expected to drop this year because of coronavirus outbreak 
Travis Air Force base running out of room for holding coronavirus patients, transferring group to “Fairview Development Center” in Costa Mesa. This is fine.  …
"Global Partnership Against Coronavirus Alliance" “全球合作抗击冠状病毒联盟” established by US united front figure Bruno Wu (吴征Wu Zheng) who heads Sun Seven Stars Media Group Limited et al  …  … h/t @Andy26473514 and 
The novel coronavirus has spread to several Iranian cities. "There is a possibility that it exists in all cities across the country," said an official with the National Committee for Infectious Diseases 
Coming up @SenTomCotton raises the questions about China & coronavirus that need answers ASAP. #IngrahamAngle @FoxNews
Our story page 1 Saturday: With 4 Deaths in Iran and More Cases on 3 Continents, Fears of Coronavirus Pandemic Rise #irancoronavirus 
Coronavirus outbreak: South Korea church cluster drives huge jump in cases  …
Wuhan woman with no symptoms infects five relatives with coronavirus - study  
Coronavirus patients in Daegu, South Korea "include medical workers, junior high school students, government employees, and nursery school teachers"  …
At least 9 of those with coronavirus in South Korea are seriously ill - Yonhap  …
LIVE IN SEOUL'S GWANGHWAMUN: This is absolute madness. Conservative groups have defied the ban on protests re: containing the spread of coronavirus in South Korea, which has surged. Most people here are elderly. They are singing "Imprison Moon Jae-in". Large police presence.  – at 광화문광장
A 77-year-old man from Padua became the first person in Italy to die from the #coronavirus 
Was Coronavirus used to depopulate China? It is interesting that it exploded just after DAVOS! In my Opnion Climate Change has NOTHING to do with weather! It’s Population! Coronavirus: Japan is ‘next Wuhan’ as Tokyo Marathon is cancelled due to virus  …
—New cases of the coronavirus spike in Iran and South Korea —Clusters of the virus are found in China’s prisons —Coronavirus cases in the U.S. reach 34, and more are expected Latest updates: 
#China’s official #coronavirus figures have continued to increase over the past 24 hours with around 400 new infections and 109 more deaths. Total infections now 76,394; additional probably infected 5,365; recovered 20,701; deaths 2,348.
Chinese UFC champion Weili Zhang is scheduled to arrive in Las Vegas tonight, per her manager Brian Butler ( @BrianButler_Au). Long road to UFC 248 due to coronavirus, China-Thailand-AbuDhabi-Vegas. But her title fight with Joanna Jedrzejczyk is on.
Just stood up for this Asian person on the subway that was undergoing coronavirus harassment. This should not be going on. Remember, help out folks if you see this!
The MMA has announced a temporary delay in recruiting active military personnel, social service workers etc. due to coronavirus. Emergency procedures are now in effect including restrictions on military leave, outings, visits, and overnight stays.  
50,000 people that are quarantined in 10 Italian towns have these instructions: Everyone to stay home for 1 week. All public events suspended. No work whatsoever. No recreational activities. All schools are closed. Public transport is turned off. #coronavirus #Covid19  – at The White House
The disappearance of tens of thousands of flights from China’s skies due to the coronavirus 
President @realDonaldTrump needs to immediately do what @BarackObama did and appoint a #coronavirus “czar” to overseas federal preparation, response to #covid19 outbreak. This is what I’m talking about with Republican crisis governing. Always one step behind the damn problem
#BREAKING: The Government has announced strict exemptions allowing Chinese high-school students caught up in the coronavirus travel ban to return to Australia.
That's weird. The US only has admitted to 35 total infected with coronavirus, with 6 recovered. That leaves 29. How can "up to 70 confirmed" be shipped to one place? Must be a typo or misunderstanding?  …
It is said this is in #Chongqing , #China, man needs to visit grandson. Building gate locked during #CoronavirusOutbreak. He chooses to try his luck by jumping to the air cushion...Some say it is not inflated. I don’t know. .. #COVID19 #coronavirus 
On Tucker Carlson tonight, we learned there is a cult spreading the COVID19 coronavirus in South Korea. Those are words I just typed.  …
The WHO warned a mysterious “disease X” could spark an international contagion. The new coronavirus, with its ability to quickly morph from mild to deadly, is emerging as a contender 
Costa Mesa has sued the U.S. government to stop it from relocating coronavirus patients to the California city 
UPDATE: Costa Mesa city officials are asking the CDC and the U.S. Department of Health for more information before  with the transfer of as many as 70 confirmed coronavirus patients to the city.  
South Korea to quarantine and test 9,000 members of the Shincheonji religious sect for the novel coronavirus  …
The City of Costa Mesa is trying to block as many as 70 confirmed coronavirus patients from being transferred to the city...thought there were only 35 in the U.S  …
South Korea reports 142 additional coronavirus cases, brings total to 346: KCDC  
MORE LIES! MORE HATE! Do you ever stop? It’s NOT a Muslim Ban. That  false. This is about the security of the United States. Many Muslim countries are not included. Are China travel restrictions due to Coronavirus racist? Of course not. Stop these lies!
Well this is embarrassing "MS Westerdam cruise passenger cleared of coronavirus as questions rise about initial test"  … via @usatoday
CORONAVIRUS CASES IN THE US ROSE TO AT LEAST 34 ON FRIDAY, INCLUDING 21 CASES AMONG REPATRIATED INDIVIDUALS, AS WELL AS 13 US CASES
This is reportedly from @CDCgov press conference earlier today. We have no cure, no vaccine and no way to stop this. The government is preparing for pandemic situation we have never seen anything like this, folks. #Coronavirus #Covid19 #SARSCoV19  … – at The White House
BREAKING: The city of Costa Mesa has filed legal action to stop a federal government plan to use the Fairview Developmental Center to house and quarantine patients who have tested positive for #coronavirus. The city says they  left out of the loop on this. 
Chin Wan, the HK rightist cult leader is promoting sliver ion gel on Facebook, claimed it is useful against the coronavirus. The fact is that sliver ion CANNOT destroy virus, he is trying to profit from those who lack knowledge about virus. 
Here are the latest numbers for Coronavirus in South Korea: Mon: 31 cases Tues: 31 cases Wed: 46 cases Thu: 82 cases Fri: 156 cases Sat: 346 cases These are total, cumulative, cases as of 9am local time, each day. The trend is worrying. #COVID19 #Korea #Coronavirus
Trump “furious” he wasn’t told about 14 coronavirus-infected Americans flown home from cruise ship (according to anonymous sources). President Trump has done everything to protect us... ...it would be tragic if Admin underlings let in an epidemic.  …
WAIT WAIT WAIT HOLD THE FUCK UP HOW DID 70 CONFIRMED CORONAVIRUS CASES POP UP OUTTA NOWHERE IN THE US  …
South Korea  spread of coronavirus is still in the 'initial stage,' maintains virus alert level at orange - Yonhap
Experts fear coronavirus will  a pandemic - The Washington Post  …
U.S. prepares for coronavirus pandemic, school and business closures: health officials  
#ICYMI A police officer transforms into a helicopter while exercising during break time, shocking his colleagues #coronavirus #ChinaStory 
Wuhan woman with no symptoms infects five relatives with coronavirus: study  
#BREAKING: The city of Costa Mesa is seeking to block the transfer of up to 70 confirmed coronavirus patients from near Sacramento to the former Fairview Development Center  
142 more cases of Coronavirus discovered in Korea The total number of cases in korea is now 346  …
Dude the coronavirus in korea is getting out of control like suddenly there's 290+ cases in 3 days wtf
Scientists Confirm Coronavirus Is Race Targeting Bioweapon 
A British pub. An Alpine ski resort. When attendees left a conference in Singapore, they took coronavirus with them, sparking an international dragnet. 
Once widely criticized, the Wuhan quarantine bought the world time to prepare for Covid-19  #coronavirus #COVID19
More than 20,000 recovered patients of coronavirus infection discharged in China 
Liu Shen is an ambulance driver. After the outbreak hit Wuhan, he's been at his post since 13 Jan and hasn't returned home till now. His team has been fighting at the front line of this battle, rushing patients to treatment as soon as possible. #coronavirus 
Sienna is my talented 8 year old daughter. Her reflections on my work... #coronavirus #Covid_19 
For those wonder why U.S. have so few #COVID19 cases, the fact that CDC still can't get the test kits working locally just highlights how unprepared we are...  … Problems with CDC #coronavirus test delay expanded U.S. screening   …
#Tokyo2020Olympic organizers have postponed volunteer training due to the #coronavirus outbreak but reiterated that there are no plans to cancel the Games 
South Korea total cases up ~120% to 346 over past 24hrs (coronavirus)..... omg.
Head of WHO worries about #Coronavirus cases outside of China that have “no clear epidemiological link, such as travel history to or contact with a confirmed case.”  
Coronavirus patients could arrive in #costamesa as early as Sunday city leaders have learned. A lawsuit to block them has just been filed. More at 6pm @cbsla #cbsla #cbsn ⁦ @KatrinaFoley⁩ #coronavirus 
This decision was extremely irresponsible and dangerous. Coronavirus is widely contagious when airborne, and the State Department just bundled them in with regular passengers on  airline. The 300+ other citizens on board had no idea this was happening.  …
Richard Branson’s Virgin Voyages has launched its first cruise ship ‘Scarlet Lady’ at a time where coronavirus fears grip the industry  
China's coronavirus conundrum: Stay home, don't get sick, get back to work!  …
Take care ELF... And someone had mentioned, wear mask when you go to see members on musical, drama shooting, airport etc, or better avoid crowded places time being. "South Korea  most infected country outside China for coronavirus as cases spike"  …
South Korea now has the 2nd highest number of coronavirus cases in the world.  
“The government said they will ‘hospitalize anyone who should be hospitalized ... but then you discharge those who haven’t recovered. “Will these people carry the virus with them?" - daughter of a #coronavirus patient from  …
This is what happens when you have massive  at the Government. For months, rather than taking precautionary measures, they went on talk shows to accuse #Salvini of being a racist because he demanded stricter controls. #Giuseppi #coronavirus  …
#PengYinhua, a doctor at the Jiangxia district People’s No. 1 Hospital in #Wuhan, passed away from the #COVID19 #Coronavirus on Feb. 20, making him the 3rd doctor this month to die after contracting the virus from treating patients.  …
This is Trump setting the stage for a National Emergency declaration and suspending the elections Trump Is Worried The Coronavirus Will Cost Him The Election  …
Hundreds of Chinese blocked the bank's headquarters in order to get their money back. This is the first bank in #China that has problems caused by #coronavirus. The beginning of a financial 
What's in there? Chinese people staying at home during the novel #coronavirus outbreak  up with some neat tricks to take awesome #selfies by looking inside a washing machine, a potato chip bag or a fridge. #COVID19 
Two Aussies (from Cruise) were detected as negative for Wuhan coronavirus in Japan after 14 days of quarantine. However they were re-tested and the results were positive after they were back to Australia.  …
"Two Beijing hospitals quarantined amid fears coronavirus infections will spike in the capital"  …
Chinese hospitals discharge 20,659 recovered patients of coronavirus infection by the end of Friday  
Did the deepstate just endanger every American with a pandemic over Trump derangement syndrome? Trump was told the affected American corona patients would remain in Japan in isolation. The state department changed their minds independently and never told him. #coronavirus  …
Of the 346 coronavirus cases in South Korea, 102 (31.2%) are related to a single hospital, and 182 (52.6%) are related to a single church  …
Unfortunately, it seems like Korea will give us more reliable numbers on coronavirus' real death rate and rate of spread. :-(  …
As I’ve said before, South Korea was prepared for this eventuality and had hospitals and medics on standby. The health system is robust and the @KoreaCDC has done a good job of keeping us regularly updated - twice daily briefings. #coronavirus #DontPanic #washyourhands
Coronavirus update: - 77,812 cases worldwide - 10,846 being tested - 2,360 fatalities - 11,529 in serious/critical condition - 20,867 recovered - Most cases in China - Growing number in South Korea - 29 countries reporting cases
No reason to believe the #coronavirus is “contained” in #China. The numbers they are releasing are fake. Their primary goal isn’t addressing the virus,it’s their global image. We have no idea what the true numbers are but they are without a doubt higher than what they admit to.
(Bloomberg) --South Korea reported 142 more confirmed cases of coronavirus & death of second patient, as jump in number of infections outside China raises alarm among global health officials who say window of opportunity to prevent outbreak from turning into a pandemic closing.”
I don't think @Pewdiepie got the memo that YT demonetizes anything related to the Coronavirus at all... pretty sure he knows now :P
World must act fast to contain coronavirus: WHO's Tedros  
BREAKING: South Korea reports 142 new coronavirus cases after previously confirming the second death in the country  
Spread of #coronavirus vs other pandemics . Shows how contagion is spreading 
The number of people in South Korea being tested for coronavirus has risen to 5,481, up from 3,180 last night. (This does not mean they have the virus; many are being tested as a precaution)  …
Coronavirus: Uighur activist draws attention to Xinjiang plight amid China outbreak  … @JewherIlham #China #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus #COVID19 #COVID #Xinjiang #Uighur
So bureaucrats put infected people on planes with uninfected people and the @WashingtonPost tries to make @RealDonaldTrump justified negative reaction to this bungling the issue? #Coronavirus  …
“President Trump grew furious with senior advisers this week over a decision to allow 14 Americans who tested positive for coronavirus to return to the United States from Japan after being assured that infected patients would remain in quarantine overseas”  …
There is a 6th case of coronavirus confirmed in BC (the 9th in Canada) and health officials are surprised to learn that the woman had only visited Iran, not China #covid19 @MegsBatchelor reports  
China again changes coronavirus reporting criteria as Italy confirms first death from the virus 
China’s massive effort  the coronavirus has resulted in hospitals turning away other patients in dire need of care across the country, a kind of triage on a national scale and a monumental logistical and ethical challenge. New story:  …
BREAKING: Italy reports another case of coronavirus, a total of 18 new cases in just over 24 hours  …
The U.S. confirmed 34 cases of coronavirus — including 21 people evacuated from Wuhan or the Diamond Princess cruise ship in Japan. Only 3 states are currently capable of testing for the virus (CA, IL, NE), with all other samples being sent to the CDC. 
Nothing scares me anymore. Serial killers? Coronavirus?  Get the fuck out of here. I'm a North Carolina Democrat in 2020 America. At this point, you're pretty much just doing me a favor. Just let me fucking vote first.
Here's the latest snapshot of coronavirus infections worldwide 
After Hong Kong reported its first coronavirus case at the end of January, Mr. Tang opened a face mask factory, after pharmacies in the city sold out amid the outbreak  
Wuhan woman with no symptoms infects five relatives with coronavirus 
#Coronavirus cases CASES DEATHS 75,893 & 2,236 742 & 3 205 & 1 86 69 & 2 35 35 26 & 1 22 21 & 1 18 & 4 16 16 15 12 & 1 11 10 9 9 3 & 1 3 2 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 TOT 77,670 & 2,360 dead #COVID19 Map 
Televangelist Jim Bakker’s $125 Coronavirus “Cure” - Kills/Totally Eliminates the Corona Virus in 12 hours 
BREAKING: Coronavirus deaths in China rise to 2,345
BREAKING: Coronavirus cases in China rise past 76,000
Hey everyone, Which outbreak is worse TDS or Coronavirus?
Coronavirus has spread to several Iranian cities: health ministry official  
A 20-year-old Chinese woman from Wuhan, the epicenter of the #coronavirus outbreak, traveled 400 miles(675 km) north to Anyang where she infected five relatives, without ever showing signs of infection, Chinese scientists reported on Friday.  …
In China’s "war" on coronavirus, hospitals turn away other patients — with dire results 
A new study estimates that ⅔ of #Coronavirus cases exported from mainland #China remains undetected worldwide. This potentially leaves sources of human-to-human transmission around the world unchecked, the study  …
Over a dozen coronavirus-stricken Americans were flown back to the U.S. against the advice of the CDC, according to a report. 
Australian coronavirus vaccine goes into test production  … This is what Australian science can do despite the cuts under the Abbott/Turnbull/Morrison govts. Maybe we need to stop electing politicians who know the price of everything but the value of nothing
It hasn't even been a few hours and already the media is attacking PewDiePie for "Laughing" At The Coronavirus in a "Edgy" return video. Imagine being such soft crybabies that you'll reach the farthest you possibly could to make someone look bad. Glad PewDiePie is back. 
BREAKING: China #badminton team confirmed for  HSBC BWF World Tour tournaments in Europe. Players are in United Kingdom training. MORE:  #WorldTour #Coronavirus 
How health authorities mounted a global effort to map coronavirus carriers emerging from a single Singapore sales conference 
Here are the first images of the #coronavirus, observed under the microscope. #COVID19 
Take this information with caution. Having a stockpile is a good idea for when things get rough, but if they get very bad I'll be glad to have some literature. #coronavirus 
The way that China stops and arrests a #coronavirus suspect on the road. 
That moment when you realise you’re constantly washing your hands the same way you’ve seen them do it on Greys Anatomy #coronavirus 
A new study estimates that ⅔ of #Coronavirus cases exported from mainland #China remains undetected worldwide. This potentially leaves sources of human-to-human transmission around the world unchecked, the study  …
Why are young doctors in Wuhan dying from the coronavirus? They don’t have the other health problems that cause some older people to die. But the Chinese government’s lack of investment in public health has left them unable to protect themselves properly.  
Life of a Wudang Disciple: Wudang Mountain located in Shiyan city, C China's Hubei Province, attracts many foreign Kungfu students. But how have their lives changed since the novel #Coronavirus outbreak began? Let's find out... 
Square Enix is scaling back plans for Final Fantasy 14 at PAX East over coronavirus concerns.  
Over 70 coronavirus evacuees in Ukraine were greeted with burned tires and objects being thrown at the buses carrying them. They were headed to a two-week quarantine after arriving from China. 
Does this answer your question about #coronavirus in Iran? 
The average Life Expectancy of a Child with autism is 36 years old. This is a nationwide health emergency. Not Coronavirus.
. @ABCNewsLive PRIME: We have the latest on the coronavirus after 14 new cases were identified in Italy. Plus, our ABC News politics team breaks down what you need to know ahead of the Nevada caucuses. WATCH LIVE:  …
As president, Trump has one major boon: he doesn’t have to deal with a public fearmonger like Donald Trump. On the left - how Trump tweeted about the Ebola outbreak in 2014 On the right - how Trump tweets about coronavirus now 
Privately, Trump is worried that a US coronavirus outbreak will slow down the economy and cost him the election.  … via @politicususa
BREAKING - Here are the first images of the #coronavirus, observed under the microscope, never before shared in the media. (Thanks to @healthvirologist for making this study and video for us!) #COVID19 #COVID2019  …
Scientists racing to fight to the new coronavirus are sharing early results online rather than waiting for traditional, peer-reviewed medical journals 
X1 Fans Cancel Public Demonstration Advocating The Debut Of A Unit Group Due To Coronavirus Outbreak  …
#ICYMI This thread provides the latest update on the coronavirus outbreak in #Iran.  …
The University of Hong Kong has released a new image of the novel coronavirus. Here's what it looks like under a microscope: 
NEW: Trump only learned after the fact that 14 Americans w/ coronavirus from a cruise ship would fly back with healthy passengers. He’s infuriated at his advisers and said he should have been told and made the final decision. w/  …
California, Nebraska and Illinois are the only U.S. states that can currently test for coronavirus, the APHL told Reuters on Friday.
Iran reports two news deaths as coronavirus spreads to several cities  
The Chinese government has expelled three Wall Street Journal reporters. It's just another piece of evidence that the coronavirus crisis has exposed a deep weakness: The Chinese regime fears information, writes Bret Stephens of the New York Times. 
Trump did not want coronavirus-infected Americans to fly home on a plane with other non-infected passengers & was briefed they would not be doing so. When he learned the decision was reversed without him knowing, he grew furious with a number of top aides.  …
Trump was not told coronavirus-infected Americans would be flown home on a plane with other passengers. In fact, he was told they would not. He grew infuriated at senior aides this week, with several calls including Mulvaney, Azar & others. w/ @yabutaleb7:  …
Imagine the government said ‘we’re not going to follow public health experts’ advice on Coronavirus if we don’t know how much it’ll cost the economy. We are not going to sacrifice higher ed/retail/tourism jobs unless scientists tell us how much it’ll cost’
 Watch to understand why we will soon have closure of businesses and schools in the US. #coronavirus 
There are STILL  in from China unabated check for yourself. @realDonaldTrump close the borders stop the flights! #coronavirus #SARSCoV19 
First Italian patient dies of coronavirus  
It is with great sadness that I must announce: China’s Excel spreadsheet operator has died of the coronavirus, for the second time.
Industry friends have been asking if Epic  to being at GDC and the answer is YES. Of course, we’re keeping tabs on the coronavirus situation, and people’s  first. The event is close to our hearts and we’re hopeful for its success this year!
#3D globe showing #coronavirus spread - numbers are updated on a daily basis:  … Hover over the different regions and charts to see more information. #esrijs #3DGIS #WebGL #JavaScript #geodev 
Nearly Three Dozen Coronavirus Cases Confirmed in US  … via @gatewaypundit
This book was written in 1981!! #coronavirus 
WEDDING KISSES IN FACE MASKS: Hundreds of couples wearing face masks tied the knot at a mass wedding in the Philippines to keep the new coronavirus from spreading  
#Coronavirus update: First death in Italy from coronavirus: ANSA news agency | via 
I don’t think that many people are getting sick from Coronavirus. Issue is quarantines are massive; factories shut down; supply chains jammed up. Businesses large and small are going to have rough Q3.  …
#BREAKING First death in Italy from coronavirus: ANSA news agency 
did you ever think about what happens to these boys if someone is infected by the coronavirus among them? the priority is the members health, you should stop all the fansign and concert schedules #크래커_덥즈콘서트_연기해 
Live shot of the measures governments are taking to control the #coronavirus 
A surge in coronavirus cases and deaths in Iran is raising concern because the outbreak can’t be traced directly back to China 
Unprecedented data sharing and breakneck genetic sleuthing are charting the new coronavirus’s travels around the globe.  …
ICYMI: FG releases N386m for Coronavirus prevention 
Coronavirus patient who left hospital after full recovery and immediately went into self-isolation tests POSITIVE 10 days later 
#Coronavirus patient in northern #Italy has  …
Chinese President Xi Jinping has written back to Bill Gates, co-chair of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, after receiving a letter from the U.S. business leader on the novel coronavirus disease #COVID19. More to 
Three overseas Chinese students discuss how China “lost the gamble” trying to control the outbreak quietly and why the #coronavirus crisis could serve as “an awakening moment” 
U.S. prepares for coronavirus pandemic, school and business closures: health officials  
Italy reports first death from #coronavirus, a 77 year-old man in Monselice in northern #Italy 17 new #COVID19 cases reported on 
On 2/14, #XiJinping  about accelerating #biosafety legislation at the Committee for National Reform. Could #China’s tightening safety in #P4 labs imply possible leak of #coronavirus? Here's the China Angle with Simone: PREMIERE 6:30PM EST:  
An epidemic is sweeping the globe. It’s not an illness or a disease. It’s false information. This “infodemic” is a slew of misinformation about the coronavirus, from false death tolls to questions about its origins. Here’s how WHO is fighting back. 
"When I turned bearish in 2010, I knew the coronavirus would  in 2020. My forecast is totally going to plan".
Why is the coronavirus killing young doctors in Wuhan? They don’t have the health problems that lead some older people to die. It’s probably because Beijing's lack of investment in public health has left them unable to protect themselves properly.  
This is exactly exactly exactly what is wrong with the US #coronavirus #COVID19 response: Trump is obsessed with the politics of it -- not the  …
Forget internet sensationalism maybe TV have you spying the exit. There was a lot of good stuff this week from earnings, manufacturing data and housing trends but depending on where you get financial news you only heard fear & coronavirus. I go in-depth  …
“The trade war between China and the United States, coupled with the Coronavirus, are creating essentially a double-whammy on the Chinese.” @Heritage China expert Dean Cheng on the economic pressures on China 
JUST IN: Italy has reported its first coronavirus death, according to an Italian newspaper 
What we've all been working towards: "China set to clamp down permanently on wildlife trade in wake of coronavirus"  …
Because of #COVID19, the gynecology and obstetrics department of a hospital in #Beijing closed down since Feb 18. "We are waiting for notification as to when we will reopen." #COVID2019 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronaviruschina #武汉肺炎 #新冠肺炎 
BREAKING KHQ: Wenatchee, WA discovers first case of the Coronavirus at Confluence Health, Thursday February 13.  … According to medical director, Dr. Lance Jobe, the case is not contained
The Church continues to closely monitor and adjust to the needs of missionaries and members in regions where concern about coronavirus is elevated. 
.⁦ @WHO⁩ says there is a narrowing window' to contain #coronavirus outbreak; WHO needs major funding support now to support countries with weaker health systems to strengthen their capacity to cope. ⁦ @DrTedros⁩ ⁦⁦  …
First death from the new #Coronavirus Italy just now as they reported 16 new cases today. It’s happening, folks. It’s out. #SARSCoV19 #Covid19
2/21 #coronavirus #coronaviruschina Common people in Wuhan have been struggling to survive in the quarantine. However, the despair out of the virus, broken family, and disrespect from CCP’s brutal treatment is pushing many people to end their own lives. It is man-made 
BREAKING NEWS: first dead for #coronavirus in Italy. It’s one of the 2 case in Padua, the two oldest people affected. Case was found this afternoon.
The US is working on preparing for the spread of the new #Coronavirus across the country, said @DrNancyM_CDC, calling  spread of the virus  …
Coronavirus: Pregnant nurse 'propaganda' sparks backlash  …
BREAKING: First coronavirus death in Italy
2/ ... passengers from leaving their cabins. The number of infected who contracted the novel coronavirus had increased until 7th February, however, infection cases of those with a short incubation period of fewer than 6 days and of those with a long incubation period of...
It's time for our weekly LIVE show! Watch it right here at 6:30pm EST.  #DemDebate #coronavirus 
With the summer wedding season around the corner, the coronavirus outbreak could leave brides-to-be in panic: Some may be unable to get the wedding gown they want for their big day. 
EFCC deletes tweet after falsely debunking Magu&#8217;s   …
Full transcript of “smoking gun” bombshell interview: Prof. Frances Boyle exposes the bioweapons origins of the CoVid-19 coronavirus According to professor Coronavirus developed in North Carolina and sold to the Chinese as bioweapon  …
There's a lot of talk about how #coronavirus ‘misinformation’ is to blame for Vancouver's empty Chinese restaurants. But if that's the case, China’s embassy shares the blame too 2/  … via @scmpnews #hongcouver
10 Italian Towns In Lockdown Over Coronavirus Fears  …
NEJM strikes again in this paper on #SARSCoV2 #COVID19 #coronavirus viral loads. Here they claim that asymptomatic patients had viral loads as high as symptomatic patients without showing any data.  …
Buses carrying groups of coronavirus evacuees were attacked by a mob of protesters in Ukraine  
Report that both trains held in Italy due to coronavirus concerns have been cleared h/t  …
From @WSJopinion: The coronavirus is likely more widespread than CDC numbers show. Here’s how U.S. officials can prepare, write @llborio and 
Hey @woolworths @Coles, have you guys started planning for how you will reduce risk to your staff, perhaps promote & scale up home deliveries & how you will message to  about supply issues due to possible future widespread transmission of the coronavirus? #covid19
Mask or no mask, the #Chinese police brutally arrest citizens suspected of carrying the #Coronavirus. The #CCP are masters of deceit and sleight of hand. #Xi is stealing straight from Mao’s playbook: censor & intimidate at all costs.  …
BREAKING: Italy orders mass closures after #coronavirus cases quadruple. Officials ordered schools, public buildings, restaurants and coffee shops to close. The emergency  as a cluster of new COVID19 infections emerged, including some who had not been to China (DW) 
CDC Coronavirus Warning: U.S. Schools and Businesses May Soon  Quarantine Camps  …
BREAKING - #COVID19 panic grips Italy. Two trains halted because of possible coronavirus infected passengers on board.  …
Residents of a central Ukrainian town clashed with police and hurled projectiles at a convoy of buses carrying evacuees from China’s Hubei province, who were quarantined to make sure they were not carrying the coronavirus  
you know what's a good way to support Chinese students over the coronavirus? refunding them for the semester, organizing online classes, showing flexibility over exams and coursework.  …
A jump in the number of coronavirus cases outside China is raising alarm among global health officials who say the window of opportunity to prevent the deadly outbreak from turning into a pandemic is closing 
US woman from the #COVID19 infected cruise ship #DiamondPrincess admits live on TV that she and her husband "made up a story that they were clear" of having coronavirus symptoms and got on a plane to Omaha. 
while we're all online can we take a sec to vote on FAN N STAR it's only 2 days until voting closes the show is postponed due to coronavirus concerns but will be rescheduled. since bts confirmed to attend the show, there's a good chance they'll attend when it's rescheduled. 
Prof. Vermeule wanted to ship us to the “camps,” this guy hopes we “all get Coronavirus.” Why are these men so mad & threatened by a grassroots chat about our principles? cc: @TheRickWilson Get on waitlist here y’all, & help  this corrosiveness:  
JUST IN: two trains in Italy currently kept blocked in Milan train station and Lecce (lowest part of boot’s heel) train station as each one is allegedly carrying a suspected case of #coronavirus . Emergency squad currently intervening
Hundreds of Chinese blocked the bank's headquarters in order to get their money back. This is the first bank in #China that has problems caused by #coronavirus. The beginning of a financial disaster? 
Ontario is now officially free of confirmed coronavirus cases  #Ontario #Coronavirus 
A factory in Melbourne has started producing a test dose of a potential coronavirus vaccine which scientists will begin testing on animals this week | EXCLUSIVE by  …
Coronavirus, the man made disease. Made by the Chinese for the rest of us. They've killed more of thier own #coronavirus 
#Coronavirus emergency in #Italy. 17 infected,containment area for 50,000. Schools, offices, factories closed, masses prohibited. Copying #communist system made of silence, lies and threats was bad idea. Government remote controlled from #China #Ccp. @GrimoldiPaolo @Marcozanni86
#Walmart, an  should move its supply chain back to the United States and Latin America--where it was prior to #China’s #WTO entry--to minimize anticipated #coronavirus-caused shortages. How can Americans "save money, live better" if store shelves are bare?
Fear and hysteria over the coronavirus are leading to an alarming trend of verbal and physical attacks on Asians in America. A woman who was verbally attacked in the LA subway caught it in a video that went viral. She joins Anderson. Watch live 5p ET  
A group of molecular biologists in Mexico might have invented a portable device that can detect #coronavirus infections in a couple of hours.  
Coronavirus: Another Factor Exposing Risks to #Iraq's Oil-based Economy. Here's my @EnergyFuse piece on Iraq which is among #China 's top crude oil supplier in the Persian Gulf.  from @AMTabaqchali, @AL_Khatteeb, data from @TankerTrackers  …
If my surgical mask doesn’t stop me from smelling my patients perio breath, your 100% cotton Supreme mask isn’t going to stop you from getting the coronavirus at the airport @dthyproblems
Some investors worry as coronavirus puts question mark over Tokyo Olympics  …
Coronavirus fears weigh on U.S. manufacturing, services sectors  
It seems that Baku is getting ready for coronavirus 
Kurdish humor: China produces so many low-quality products,  #coronavirus is such a high quality one?
Market fears over the coronavirus sharply resurfaced this week  by 
