Keep an eye on this. If this  the new Fox News conventional wisdom -- that coronavirus is overstated and we should weaken quarantine -- there is a real chance Trump will pick up on it.  …
Coles will donate $1M of food a week through our partnerships with @Secondbite_org & @foodbankaus to vulnerable Australians facing hardship as a result of coronavirus:  …
Coronavirus update, Europe: - Turkey: 277 new cases - Portugal: 260 new cases - Norway: 164 new cases - Czechia: 162 new cases - Sweden: 131 new cases - Poland: 111 new cases - Ireland: 102 new cases - Finland: 73 new cases - Denmark: 71 new cases - Iceland: 64 new cases
Stocks can return to records early next year if the U.S. can curb coronavirus spread, says JPMorgan.  …
This Italian grandma is giving you advice on how to fight #coronavirus. 
Turns out, according to recent reports, Italy was calling deaths from others diseases "coronavirus" deaths that inflated their death numbers from the virus.
Israel is culpable for every coronavirus death in Gaza.
Rihanna's nonprofit organization, the Clara Lionel Foundation, has donated $5 million towards Coronavirus response efforts on a global scale.  …
Irish Government considers Cuban drugs to help curb spread of deadly coronavirus  …
Classic Jason Kelce with a #coronavirus message for all of you and a parting shot at the @dallascowboys courtesy of his baby girl Wyatt #Eagles 
GameStop closing all stores as of March 22 due to coronavirus  
(1/2) The Coronavirus, Covid-19, is entirely new. We have no evidence or information to suggest that certain age groups will be unaffected. 
As of 7:00 p.m. on Saturday, March 21, the District’s coronavirus (COVID-19) data includes 21 new positive cases, bringing the District’s overall positive case total to 98 individuals.  …
In a dramatic address to the nation, Italy PM Giuseppe Conte orders all non-essential businesses to close. All of Italy is in lockdown as coronavirus cases rise. Number of infections: +53,578 Death toll: 4,825 This is the worst crisis Italy has faced since World War II. 
but like for real, joe biden has coronavirus, yeah?
‘The Daily Social Distancing Show with Trevor Noah’ To Air On Comedy Central During Coronavirus Pandemic  
Rapid Coronavirus Test Approved by FDA, Results in 45 Minutes  …
If there’s a vaccine for coronavirus, would you take it?
Dr. Sarah Kureshi, my smarter and better half, is a brilliant physician. She is making her primetime debut to debunk harmful #coronavirus myths. Tune in around 810 pm ET @MSNBC. Please send her good vibes. I can't see it because kids have hijacked me but I know she will be  …
Beachgoers are defying lifesavers and have been seen stepping through barriers on Bondi Beach, ignoring the coronavirus closure. 
Put the country in lockdown - Now! Otherwise Italys problem will look relatively minor @BorisJohnson BBC News - Coronavirus: Boris Johnson in Mother's Day warning amid concern for NHS  …
The Coronavirus works hard, but the people calling about my vehicle’s extended warranty work harder
Both De Blasio and his puppet Chancellor should be fired. This is the time for the UFT and CSA to get tough with the DOE. Blood on their hands:' Teachers say de Blasio and Carranza helped spread coronavirus  … via @nypmetro
Some of Mexico's wealthiest residents went to Colorado to ski. They brought home coronavirus  …
Tim Cook has announced Apple will be donating millions of masks to healthcare workers battling the coronavirus:  …
London Irish Centre @LDNIrishCentre begins food drops for the vulnerable, but it needs more help after One Direction's Niall Horan fund-raiser is cancelled due to coronavirus spread  … 
Ben Sasse voted against a $100 billion aid package to the people of our country. NO to paid sick leave. NO to additional unemployment insurance. NO to funding for food assistance. NO to testing for the coronavirus. Sasse slammed the proposal as “really dumb.” #ENOUGH
Jackson State DL C.J. Anderson was one of a few local athletes invited to the HBCU Combine. It was canceled because of the coronavirus. Mississippi College hosts an area wide pro day for smaller schools, that too could be canceled or postponed. @CJ_AndersonJr 
To the surprise of no one: Doctors in Russia are accusing their government of covering up its #CoronavirusPandemic outbreak & denying them PPE. ‘Russian authorities refer to coronavirus cases as ordinary pneumonia, implying they're not coronavirus.’  
Joe Biden slams Trump for bungling coronavirus response in ‘He Knew’ ad  …
I’m old enough to remember when Donald Trump unapologetically asserted that he wanted the #coronavirus patients to remain on the boat because it would make US statistics look worse.
Globalist at Davos: We need something to put everybody out of work. All 7.8 billion people? Give or take. But we only have a few thousand #COVID19 deaths. Yeah, but what if you have #coronavirus and just don't know it yet? Well, that could be anybody or everybody. BINGO!
If the city of New Orleans put its parking enforcement officers in charge of coronavirus testing, everyone would have been swabbed by now.  …
Members of the @TheBlackCaucus wrote to Democratic leadership with proposals for the 3rd coronavirus package, including extending the 2020 census counting period, as the bureau reportedly lags in hiring, “in part, to fears of exposure to the virus.” 
Strongly support this call for #evictionmoratorium in British Columbia NOW. Renters and their families should not have to fear coronavirus and losing their jobs and homes. And no-one should be homeless now. NO-ONE. #bcpoli @selinarobinson @BCNDPCaucus   …
TV personality Suh Dong Joo laments about racism against Asians in America due to the coronavirus  … 
Drive-thru coronavirus testing site in South Jersey ready to go but has no kits.  
Senate Dems asked for $750 billion in state stabilization funds for coronavirus stimulus, non-starter for GOP  
Customer Notice Nottingham City Council has taken the decision to also close the car parks for Wollaton Park to help reduce the park users, to restrict the spread of coronavirus. Please observe social distancing (2M), & check our webpage for info.  
AC Milan have announced that Paolo Maldini and son Daniel Maldini have both tested positive for coronavirus. 
The first night in New York City when coronavirus is behind us and all the bars reopen is going to be absolutely preposterous
Seasonality Could Likely Flatten Exponential Growth Rate of Coronavirus in Coming Weeks If Not Days  … via @gatewaypundit
Please join me now until 10pET for continued special #coronavirus coverage @MSNBC
I’ve lost track of where the conventional wisdom is in coronavirus so I can’t tell if I agree with it or not, very disconcerting.
AG Barr, who has violated numerous federal statutes during his tenure, asked Congress to suspend Americans’ constitutional rights during the coronavirus emergency. Note: Because Americans flipped the House in 2018, the criminal AG’s proposal is DOA.  …
Not sure if this story is true, but it is an extremely dangerous possibility. DOJ Wants to Suspend Constitutional Rights During Coronavirus Emergency  …
FDA approves first rapid coronavirus test with 45 minutes detection time  
Fox “news” and “opinion” side folks are credulously sharing a tech guy’s Medium post theorizing that the dangers of coronavirus are overstated and schools and businesses should be reopened. 
trump can freeze up rent, send everyone $2,000 check and find the cure for coronavirus and im stillll not voting for him for a second term
sure Italy is having deaths of #coronavirus at rates seen by no other country, but do we know if they are referring to the disease by racist terminology?
DOJ Wants to Suspend Certain Constitutional Rights During Coronavirus Emergency  … via @RollingStone
The Coronavirus as Reichstag Fire?  …
‘Without taking drastic measures, the healthy and optimistic among us will doom the vulnerable’ — Literally everyone should watch this doctor’s coronavirus plea 
Former Real Madrid president Lorenzo Sanz dies of coronavirus  …
Tooth fairy>Coronavirus 
ya coronavirus was a nightmare but at least we played with the Instagram algorithm by responding to this story with and publishing in my story the most beautiful story of your Instagram!
"The coronavirus pandemic is a game changer for #mentalhealth care". I spoke to @techreview about how apps can help augment and extend care - but not  …
763 coronavirus cases in Louisiana and more than 400 in New Orleans? Man if they don’t lock the state 
The next time you’re in a grocery store or pharmacy, stop for a second to say thank you to the people working there. They are not only our lifeline to food... but the last link to what life looked like before coronavirus.
Good news from @GEICO: They are suspending cancelation of coverage for those affected by the coronavirus crisis through April 30. Nice to see some corporations that can step up and give folks some relief in crisis. Any  doing this? 
#COVIDー19 Why does positive news around new trials and effective drug treatments for this virus seem to be disappointing so many people who look for anything to play it down? They really do want a massive economic depression don't they? Sad people. #coronavirus #KungFlu
For people wondering why the Highlands are terrified of a Coronavirus spike, this may put it in context. The highlighted area is home to at least 300,000 people. It has access to at most, 30 ventilators, not all are full ICU beds. Please don't travel here 
FDA approves new test that could detect coronavirus in about 45 minutes  …
BREAKING: A surge in coronavirus cases in Louisiana and Orleans Parish were reported Saturday evening. The state's COVID-19 death toll also increased. See those numbers here:  …
Pampeo accuses #China, #Russia, #Iran, #Iraq of spreading misinformation, they lie they cheat they steal they even have classes on how to , US Gov Blames Coronavirus On ANYONE But Itself As Americans STILL Being RefusedTesting ...  via 
I hate to gloat but... who told you this coronavirus was going to be big? Donald Trump Mainstream media Right Wing Media Qanon group CDC/WHO Zach Vorhies & @MaryamHenein
Rafael Nadal urges fans to stay at home during coronavirus pandemic  …
The Trump Department of Justice has asked Congress to craft legislation allowing chief judges to indefinitely hold people without trial and suspend other constitutionally-protected rights during coronavirus and other emergencies!  …
Bon Jovi keyboardist David Bryan has tested positive for coronavirus, he revealed in an update on social media. 
My God Neo Nazis & white supremacists are apparently planning to target law enforcement agents & “nonwhite” people with attacks designed to infect them with the coronavirus Reminder that white supremacy remains America’s gravest terror threat  …
. @POTUS signed legislation today that will maintain educational benefits for Veterans and their families impacted by the coronavirus outbreak 
I hope @Facebook @Google @YouTube can also stop censoring truthful info about #CCPVirus #COVID2019. True info saves lives. I believe people who started to follow me from Dec/Jan had a much better chance to learn the true face of #Coronavirus  …
A few people will get very sick, don’t take this lightly #StayAtHome #CoronavirusMx #Coronavirus 
This is the first inmate the US BOP confirmed has the coronavirus. When I asked on Tuesday how many tests the bureau has administered, the agency replied: “We have no further information to provide at this time.”  …
FDA approves first rapid coronavirus test with 45 minutes detection... 
I bet he is. Bill Gates' charity funding at-home coronavirus test kit for Seattle  via @MailOnline
A Milwaukee, Wisconsin, attorney’s GoFundMe birthday fundraiser raised more than $25,000 for restaurants that were shut down during the coronavirus crisis. 
Been waiting in a super long line at a gun store in OC for 3 hours now. They’re sold out of all their new inventory and said it’s been like this every day. Everyone in line says they’re just afraid of the unknown & want to be prepared for the worst. Same with me. #coronavirus 
This should be read to every selfish bastard still carrying on as normal: Coronavirus frontline NHS doctor reveals patients are dying in agony  via @MailOnline
Upon further review, we will not open elementary playgrounds  use. Thank you for sharing your concerns. We appreciate your patience and understanding as we work through this situation. #COVID19 #coronavirus #CFISDspirit 
A #coronavirus cure was discussed at the last Okeechobee  meeting. 
“Biden and a chorus of critics say he ignored warnings and stoked doubts about the severity of coronavirus until it was far too late.”  …
Care home workers are now Key Workers. They're not going to stay at home. They're being paid £8.21 per hour. They will almost certainly contract Coronavirus doing their work. Think about it: for less than £10 per hour, people are being sent into extremely high risk areas.
Emmanuel Macron has threatened Boris Johnson with closing the French borders unless he imposes health measures #coronavirus  …
Florida’s #SpringBreakers are now ‘SUPER-SPREADERS’ of COVID-19 coronavirus “revelers cram 4 to 5 in a hotel room, swarm beaches over hundreds of miles of coastline, and then gather shoulder-to-shoulder in bars and clubs’ #MOG  …
The Palestinian Health Ministry announced the first two cases of the coronavirus in the Gaza Strip early Sunday. The cases were two people who returned recently from Pakistan. They’re now in isolation. Gaza is in no shape to deal with a pandemic  …
Think long and hard about your patronage once this is all over. Sacking staff, making staff homeless, profiteering and bleeding The Treasury. Arcadia Shops Virgin Airlines Wetherspoons Britannia Hotels Cineworld Wilko #C19BoycottList #coronavirus
"This is the moment when Dr. Pavlou first feared coronavirus. For months, he’d read in medical journals that only the old and sick might die. Then he met a 29yo man, a physical trainer at a gym... Now the man lay in a [hospital] bed, unable to breathe."  …
Spanish PM says 80% of all people in Madrid are likely to get the #coronavirus 8 hotels in Madrid have been converted into makeshift hospitals/quarantine centre. #CoronavirusPandemic
If you ever floated the irrigation ditch when you were younger, you’re immune to the coronavirus
Yep, the start of the end. DOJ Wants to Suspend Constitutional Rights During Coronavirus Emergency  … via @RollingStone
I TESTED NEGATIVE FOR CORONAVIRUS AHHH IM SO RELIEVED!!! Messaging all my friends who were in contact with me to make sure they know so they can help take care of their elder loved ones with peace of mind.
The Louisiana Derby, the rare American sporting event not called off because of the coronavirus pandemic, was run in front of an eerie, empty grandstand. Wells Bayou won the $1 million prep race for the Kentucky Derby. By 
Birds aren’t real, but #coronavirus is.  …
/ban coronavirus conoronavirus left the world
"Protecting Americans’ health also means fighting infectious diseases. We are coordinating with the Chinese gov't & working closely together on the coronavirus outbreak in China. My admin will take all necessary steps to safeguard our citizens from this threat." DJT SOTU 2020
Between 8 and 18 December 2019, seven cases later diagnosed with novel coronavirus were documented; two of them were linked with the Huanan Seafood Wholesale Market; five were not.
Currently in Mandatory isolation facility in Malahini Kuda Bandos for 14 days. I applaud @MNDF_Official and @MoTmv for their hard work and dedication for making it as convenient for us as possible. Maldivian Government is doing an excellent job during this pandemic #Coronavirus
New Jersey reminder: at 9:01pm the coronavirus will start spreading again so you must confine yourself to your homes until tomorrow morning when the virus has agreed to stop spreading so you can get some essential only shopping done. As per @GovMurphy and his orders.
Rihanna's nonprofit organization, the Clara Lionel Foundation, has donated $5 million towards Coronavirus response efforts on a global scale.  …
Coronavirus update, Italy: - 6,557 new cases in last 24 hours - 53,578 cases in total - 17,708 hospitalized - 6,072 recovered - 4,825 deaths - 2,857 in intensive care
This shoot makes me want to head straight to Vegas and shoot after the CoronaVirus pandemic is over . 
20 total deaths, 763 cases in La. of coronavirus, LDH confirms  
Intelligence Reports Warned Of Coronavirus Pandemic Long Before Trump Admin Took It Seriously  …
Canada’s prime minister Justin Trudeau said his government is working with airlines to bring back citizens stranded abroad because of the coronavirus outbreak 
#Breaking: Two coronavirus cases were detected among the  to Gaza. Both cases were quarantined.
One of the most succinct tweets on the coronavirus. Brilliantly put  …
I truly hope people in #Gaza take things more seriously now that two people tested positive to #coronavirus so it doesn't spread like fire. Gaza is small & very crowded with a fragile health system. #CoronaVirusUpdates
. @TheLastRefuge2 It turns out trying to save the world could kill it Using tote bags instead of plastic could help spread the coronavirus  …
WHAT QUARANTINED HOSPITAL allows CNN or any other media CREW INTO THE FACILITY -go into the ICU to interview CRITICALLY ILL people who are or are almost dying of #CoronaVirus??? I consider ALL SUCH events to be crisis actors and HOAXES.
#BREAKING Health officials report fifth #coronavirus death in Riverside County, total cases rise to 30 
The United States just surged into having the 3rd most cases of the Coronavirus in the world. 
39-year-old Louisiana woman who tested for #coronavirus found dead in her kitchen before the results came in 
‘Trump on China: 'I wish they'd told us earlier' about coronavirus’ China reported to the WHO late December @realDonaldTrump  …
Coronavirus in Canada Updates: More than 1300 confirmed cases in Canada BC and Ontario have the most cases Northwest Territories reports its first case CBC's Coronavirus Tracker:  
39-year-old found dead in her kitchen — her coronavirus test from four days earlier still had  back  …
The contrast between South Korea and the United States is particularly shocking because health authorities in both countries learned of their first coronavirus case on the same day in late January. 
Why have so many coronavirus patients died in Italy? The country's high death toll is due to an ageing population, overstretched health system and the way fatalities are reported Yet we're taking our cue from Italy.  …
The thought of people "retreating" to the Highlands is terrifying. If you get Coronavirus here, you are risking not only the locals lives, but your own too. If it takes hold here, people are going to die due to a lack of resources. #StayHomeSaveLives
Massive government intervention is required to ensure that the coronavirus shock does not spiral into a depression 
While Mainstream Democrats Fumble, Bernie Sanders Is Modeling a Serious Response to Coronavirus - In These Times  …
Newsom signs Executive Order making changes to California voting procedures amidst coronavirus panic... I personally do not trust a lot of what is happening right now. Following all current guidelines, but I am wary of where all of this is leading us.  …
#BREAKING @OfficialPDPNig one of your political members was exposed to #Coronavirus ABROAD. The member is now sick and an Abuja case. This high profile person needs to let @NCDCgov know so that they can do contact tracing. My subject travelled to a PDP event in Ibadan #COVIDー19
ME: i’m going to spend the next 18 months in my sweatpants FRIEND: you think coronavirus will be here for 18 months? ME: what the hell is coronavirus?
4. We have released funds for: a. Activation of Emergency Operation Centre at the Ministry of Health. b. Establishment of Diagnostic Centre for screening of Coronavirus and other related infectious diseases to be stationed at the UCH, Ibadan.
What will the new coronavirus economy look like? The "gigantic experiment" that could reshape our lives: "We’re going to look back and realize this is where it all changed"  …
Loss of taste and smell could indicate coronavirus in patients who don't have a fever or cough, say medical experts 
I told you  is the real virus, coronavirus is just how it spreads DOJ seeks new emergency powers amid coronavirus pandemic - POLITICO  …
Tzuyu donated supplies to schools in Cambodia, volunteered there, donated to students at her middle school, donated to 2 countries to help with coronavirus. None of these were publicized on her own. She's been doing all of it quietly. An angel @JYPETWICE 
Congressman in critical care for pneumonia, tested negative for coronavirus. Godspeed.  …
BBC News - Coronavirus: Thousands of extra hospital beds and staff  … This is very good news with the facilities being provided at cost ie no profit. Sensible. Corbyn wanted to just steal them for nothing. Marxist lunatic.
‘Worst crisis since WWII’: Italy shuts down ALL non-essential businesses in desperate bid to contain coronavirus spread 
NEW: Trinity Health forges deal with Detroit Sewn to produce 50,000 masks needed during coronavirus outbreak  @DetroitSewn 
A reminder. @nytimes is giving free access to its coverage of the coronavirus outbreak. So much hard work, deep thought & care going into this. Take advantage:  …
Hospitals in the U.S. could be forced to make harrowing choices on who receives life-saving treatment as coronavirus cases surge. Doctors and ethicists are already planning what rationing care could look like. 
Rihanna's Clara Lionel Foundation Donates $5 Mill to Coronavirus Relief 
NEW: Gaza Strip reports first 2 cases of coronavirus  …
. @SenSchumer on talks w Sec. Mnuchin for a 3rd #coronavirus legislative package: via @JulieNBCNews "We’re making very good progress. I’m optimistic we can get a deal. We’re going to continue working through the night.”
The coronavirus did not escape from a lab. Here's how we know. | Live Science  …
Breaking News: @JoeBiden is leading the national response to the #coronavirus outbreak. He has set up a COVID-19 CRISIS HOTLINE: If you or someone you know suspects contact or infection... ...dial the Switchboard Operator and ask her to put you through Joe-3033. 
Some people are going to learn a lot of hard truths about how little their employer  cares about them during this ordeal. A solid interview question for future employers should be “How did you make sure your employees were taken care of during the Coronavirus pandemic?”
Bon Jovi's David Bryan tests positive for coronavirus 
Fuck the coronavirus, we have a tsunami on the way
Ohio's attorney general demanded abortion clinics stop providing surgical abortions, calling them 'non-essential and elective' amid coronavirus crisis  …
Trump defends action in early days of coronavirus crisis, blames China for being 'secretive' ... it was True Leadership by President Trump that’s kept America’s Fatality Rate Low thus far !! ⁦  …
As people around the world shelter in their homes seeking to avoid contagion of coronavirus, Catholics have a spiritual weapon that mustn't be overlooked. The Holy Rosary has been successful over the ages to save Christendom from heresy, plagues & war:  …
So far, two US Representatives have contracted #COVID19: Rep. Ben McAdams (D-Utah) Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart (R-Florida) The coronavirus doesn’t discriminate. Please, please  …
This is a petition to provide free lodging to healthcare workers who wish to protect their families by living elsewhere while working on the frontlines of the coronavirus pandemic. We accept the risk to us, but our families shouldn’t also be risked.  …
coronavirus rate drops to 0%  …
Coronavirus headlines from around the world - More than 10,000 cases reported in New York State - Italy reports 793 deaths in 24 hours - UK pubs, restaurants and restaurants gyms told to shut down - Spain's coronavirus deaths surpass 1,300
#WhereIsJoeBiden Meanwhile, Bernie Sanders has been going live multiple times this past week, doing roundtable discussions on the coronavirus & raising 2 million dollars for charities like Meals for Wheels. 
I would like to think that one day, when coronavirus is a distant memory, that the Trump admin will be held accountable for all the people who died because of their  I won't hold my breath though, given that none of them have had to pay for caging migrant children.
Mitch McConnell's aide implicated in stock market "moves" during coronavirus’ early days - Scott Sloofman purchased stock in  in late January that could be instrumental in fighting coronavirus and that is now testing a vaccine in WA.  …
A fast coronavirus test was approved by the FDA that would take just 45 minutes to return results. The test, created by a  called Cepheid, will start shipping  week. 
The coronavirus is exposing the vast inequalities in the U.S. health care system. Rich Americans — from movie stars to Instagram influencers — are getting access to COVID-19 tests before many sick people showing symptoms. 
Don’t let the Coronavirus Quarantine depress you, use this time to learn something you always wanted to, Start that YouTube channel, TikTok, SoundCloud or whatever social media platform you thought about using, it’s OK to be alone, use this time to make yourself better.
"Can you imagine if Hillary was president right now?!" @WatchChad weights in on Trump fighting the coronavirus pandemic chaos. 
Ismail Haniyeh of terrorist Hamas, Another humanitarian advocate of "sanctions relief" for the murderous clerical regime in #Iran. #Coronavirus 
I'm sick of all these coronavirus jokes.
Mitch McConnell aide implicated in stock market moves during #coronavirus’ early days  …
Again, yes, we should take precautions. But when a headline says "Coronavirus killing more than a person an hour in NYC," and then you read that they just mean between 10am and 6pm, WTF 
Two coronavirus patient in Gaza. Pray to Gaza #Covid_19
At this point it’s not just the coronavirus keeping us indoors. There’s more going on than we’re aware of.
Putin is sending medical personnel and equipment to help Italy contain the coronavirus outbreak. Meanwhile, the US is threatening the health of millions of Iranians by deliberately suffocating #Iran with new sanctions during a pandemic. Let that sink in. 
Coronavirus update, Europe: - Italy: 6,557 new cases - Spain: 3,925 new cases - Germany: 2,516 new cases - France: 1,847 new cases - Switzerland: 1,239 new cases - UK: 1,035 new cases - Netherlands: 637 new cases - Belgium: 558 new cases - Austria: 343 new cases
Why is this a bad thing? It’s true that China orchestrated a massive coverup of the coronavirus pandemic and then tried to blame the US for it. Chinese social media is full of anti-US conspiracy theories, being amplified by state media.  …
Thousands of Italian doctors, from all over the country, volunteer to serve in the #coronavirus stricken areas.  …
There is a *story* going around that that DOJ wants to suspend our Constitutional Rights during this coronavirus shut down GOOD LUCK WITH THAT My Oath against ALL enemies foreign and DOMESTIC has no expiration date! DON'T FUCK WITH ME OR MY FAMILY
Native American tribes across the country are pressing the federal government for more resources to prevent the spread of the new coronavirus. 
A lot of people are going to find out that coronavirus doesn’t care about the fact you won two world wars and one World Cup.
The last one home. Over 120 punts have been taken off the river in the past few days following the Coronavirus outbreak and the Government's subsequent advice on social distancing. For the first time in a very long time the river will be empty and silent. 
#UPDATE Italy shut all non-essential factories after recording another record coronavirus toll that brought its fatalities to 4,825 -- over a third of the world's total and a grim reminder that the pandemic remains out of control  
2020 really has been a shambles hasn't it as if coronavirus wasn't bad enough we are no longer getting the Lizzie McGuire revival Disney+ promised us because they don't think the 2 episodes already filmed are PG enough #LetLizzieSayFuck 
My grandpa passed out today due to coronavirus. He was a navy veteran and fought 'til the end. 
Ethiopian Airlines has given Uganda & Eritrea their first Coronavirus cases ON THE SAME DAY. What a shame!!
Talking to kids about coronavirus is tough, but these tips will help them understand how to avoid getting and spreading the disease. Please share this graphic with your families! And follow the latest guidance at  
Saagar has been continuously on point this entire Coronavirus cycle. Very worthwhile follow (  …
Trump has no strategy to heal. His strategy is to destroy. He's a Sociopathic-Narcissistic-Machiavellian-Drug Addicted-Sadist. #Coronavirus #COVID19 #CoronavirusPandemic
This is literally the WORST Medium article I have yet to read about #COVID19 #coronavirus. I am not going to directly link. Google it if you must. Please listen to the experts who are weighing in and retract this #misinformation, 
Yet another reason to stop coronavirus  …
There have been several false and dangerous rumors spread about the Wuhan #coronavirus. @FEMA has a new tool out  the #FakeNews:  …
Rachel Maddow and others call on networks not to broadcast Trump coronavirus press conferences  …
This is a Coronavirus manicure. Help me. I’ve gone insane. 
This is  together. As Premier @fordnation asks industry to help out during COVID-19, I speak to two businesses that are doing their part. Inspiring stories in a difficult time. #onpoli #coronavirus  …
There are 16 Intensive Care Beds in the entire Highlands & Islands. With Operating Theatre ventilators and spares, we're pushing 30 tops. There's already people on some of them unrelated to Coronavirus. The next closest ICU is 100 miles away. Stop, turnaround & go home
Mormons: Because of coronavirus I can't go to the temple, I missed my BFF's wedding cause of guest limits, my daughter can't go on a mission right now & my brother's endowments were canceled. Black Mormons: Yeah, temple restrictions are such a bummer... --Zandra 
the exact same five tweets about coronavirus but coronavirus worded slightly different going viral
Starbucks has closed its cafes in the United States and Canada for two weeks because of the spread of coronavirus, reducing services to drive-thru and delivery only 
Storms don’t last forever #coronavirus
US Biowarfare Act Author: Studies Confirm Coronavirus Weaponized  …
Of course he did, America is  country! North Korea says Trump offered country help amid coronavirus pandemic: report  …
Muslim users have now taken to TikTok, the video-sharing social networking service, to encourage social proximity amidst the Wuhan Coronavirus outbreak 
This florist is making toilet paper bouquets during the #coronavirus pandemic!  
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved the first rapid coronavirus test, which can produce results in about 45 minutes.  #10TV
Joe Biden has not been seen or heard of in 4 days during the greatest health crisis in American history. Bernie Sanders has transformed his entire campaign apparatus into a #coronavirus task force.
Trump officials weigh reopening Obamacare enrollment over coronavirus  …
Department of justice has officially announced they want to suspend constitutional rights during the “coronavirus” pandemic. How do you feel about this?  …
BREAKING: A staggering 793 people died TODAY alone in Italy from the Coronavirus. That makes it the single deadliest day for any nation in the entire pandemic.
#KungFlu is still the best name. If we're going to die of a pandemic, at least it has a good #. No one wants to be murdered by something unpronounceable. #ChinaFlu #ChinaVirus #WuhanFlu #Coronavirus #coronavirusaus #COVIDー19 #outsiders #skynews #skymidmorning #gallowshumor
Lindsey Graham is trying to talk Trump out of coronavirus relief checks for Americans...  …
My daughter the RN is concerned about me working in such an old building as the Pentagon. I told her don't worry, there's no way the #coronavirus could survive with all that asbestos.
Brits ignore coronavirus lockdown to pack into beaches, parks and holiday camps Brits descended on beaches in Brighton, Cornwall, Devon, East Yorkshire, West Sussex and Lincolnshire to soak up the rays - despite the advice against social gatherings  …
TERRIFYING NEWS - Palestinians report 1st cases of coronavirus in Gaza Strip  …
New shipments of toilet paper are rolling in everyday, so don't panic! #SaturdayThoughts #coronavirus 
House members, Senate aides traded stocks in early days of coronavirus Rep. Susan Davis, a California Democrat, sold shares in Alaska Air and Royal Caribbean cruise lines on Feb. 11.  …
Confirmed US #Coronavirus cases: March 17 - 5,002 Four days later... March 21 - 25,493
Italy will move to close all non-essential business activities in a bid to arrest the spread of the coronavirus and allow the economy to restart as soon as possible 
Who got laid off because of the coronavirus?? Say “i”
The first Coronavirus cases in the UK were on the 31st January, today is exactly 50 days (seven weeks) later, and this Tory Government have done "nothing!" Everyone in China wears a mask, people are being quarantined and tested. China has virtually eradicated it. While the UK?...
How Kim Jong-Un deals with coronavirus 
The Palestinian Health Ministry in the Gaza Strip just announced the first two cases of the coronavirus.
Got the Social Distancing Blues? Let's play a game... Say It 5 times fast: WuhanCoronavirus,WuhanCoronavirus,WuhanCoronaviru, WuhanCoronavirus,Wuhan Coronavirus. Tough, Now something easier and more familiar: CNNSUX,CNNSUX,CNNSUX,CNNSUX,CNNSUX 
Bluff,bombast & blame is all Donald Trump can offer in this crisis”Donald Trump”The Guardian.Why Did Trump JUST START Calling”CORONAVIRUS” “CHINESE VIRUS”a FEW days AGOHE’S CALLED IT CORONAVIRUS 4 WKS & WKS.”COWARDS”NEED ENEMIES 2 BLAME. “THE OTHER”  …
Some are saying Italy’s coronavirus mortality numbers are inflated because they’re counting people who died  and preexisting conditions while infected. Other countries aren’t. Seems to me other countries are downplaying its severity more than anything else.
If you allow me to say so, and despite having written it quickly, I think this is an important read for #investors/policymakers navigating the current #coronavirus shock Article looks at the trifecta of initial conditions, journey and destination  … 
We will do whatever it takes.... lives are paramount, we will think of the economy later... Viva l’Italia #coronavirus  …
Antisemites celebrate when coronavirus cases in Israel are rising. I have seen their despicable and  Now there's 2 confirmed coronavirus cases in Gaza. I do not celebrate this. This could turn into a true disaster.
GOP leaders didn't create Covid 19. But they spent months making it much, much worse. Mass negligent homicide? ‘You have blood on your hands’: Trump’s enablers ripped by ex-Obama official as more Americans die from coronavirus  …
Congress' Asian Pacific American caucus chair: It's dangerous for President Trump to call the coronavirus "the Chinese virus"  
Many items seem to fly off the shelves of supermarkets, convenience stores, warehouse clubs & other outlets as soon as they're stocked. Employees of these essential businesses work to keep up with demand under stressful conditions, and we are grateful. #coronavirus 
From the Taj Mahal to Times Square, major tourist attractions have been closed or left virtually empty due to the COVID-19 coronavirus. 
Coronavirus: Teams of Bengaluru police, civic body to check if foreign returned are observing home quarantine Read @ANI Story |  
Some good news that's not getting much attention: @realDonaldTrump just signed S. 3503 into law - ensuring that #Veterans currently using GI Bill benefits will continue to receive tuition & a living stipend despite the #coronavirus crisis. I was proud to support this bill.
The U.S. is now 3rd worldwide in number of #coronavirus cases, behind only China and Italy. • China: 81,305 • Italy: 53,578 • U.S.: 25,493 • Spain: 25,374 • Germany: 22,213  
The gov't has no money. It taxes, prints, and borrows--each of which is problematic. Gov't, in 1900, at all 3 levels--state, local, fed--took 10% of Americans'  Today, it's nearly 35%. This is an abomination of the Founders' design of a limited federal gov't. #Coronavirus  …
Israel's first coronavirus victim survived the Holocaust, but not this.  … #coronavirus #COVID2019 #CoronavirusPandemic
. @realDonaldTrump This would be a gift from Heaven A gift from God This is immediate; anti- malaria drug chloroquine as a possible coronavirus cure, along with the antibiotic azithromycin #CoronavirusPandemic  …
Turkey detains, arrests anyone talking about Coronavirus? Why? What are they afraid of? The truth? People are dying & this pos gov is arresting any who say so. Familiar w/Iran? Wonder why Pompeo speaks of Iran as terrorist state while ignoring Turkey..we see the BS.  …
#CoronaVirus which was imported by #IRGC's #MahanAir took life of another #IRGC General today.  of #IRGC's 27th Division, Brigadier Hossein Asadollahi died today over #COVID19 infection.He was member of #IRGC Quds Force after his retirement from #IRGC Ground Force 
Suggest anyone who needs lecturing on the effects of coronavirus & the importantance of staying home watches this. Great info graphic 
Former Real Madrid president Lorenzo Sanz has died after being hospitalized with coronavirus  
“Coronavirus Capitalism”: In a new video for @theintercept, @NaomiAKlein makes the case for transformative change amid coronavirus pandemic 
NEW: Two more employees from Fox News have tested positive for coronavirus, per new Saturday evening memo from executives, bringing total number to 4
Trump Uses Coronavirus Press Conference to Confirm He’s an Actual Sociopath  … via @VanityFair
URGENT Please send the attached letter to Andrea Albutt, the President Prison Governors Association in the UK, demanding the immediate release of Julian Assange to ensure his safety amidst this disastrous Coronavirus virus pandemic. And please share, share, share!  …
Singapore is the model for how to handle the coronavirus (and the response in the US has essentially been the opposite). 
Mar 21: New Jersey 1327 cases/16 deaths got 6% of ask Oregon with 114 cases/4 deaths got 10% of ask Florida with 659 cases/12 deaths got 100% of ask Should not the allocation be in proportion to need and New Jersey needs help most. #coronavirus #coronavirususa #coronavirusUSA
Mahan is run by the IRGC and enables powerful Iranians to escape sanctions and go to Beijing, India etal on shopping sprees. Guess what Mahan flights have started returning from China to Iran with? #coronavirus  …
#Younger actress Debi Mazar reveals she tested positive for coronavirus. 
NEW: Turkey reports 277 new cases of coronavirus and 12 new deaths. A total of 947 cases and 21 deaths.
On behalf of @NHSBartsHealth a plea that we all confront Coronavirus in London. The NHS needs Londoners to play their part  this virus & ensure that our health services can cope. Please keep in mind our amazing NHS staff who are working day & night on the front line  …
New: An inmate at a federal jail in New York City has tested positive for coronavirus, marking the first confirmed case in the federal prison system.  …
This alarming text was sent from my uncle who is the chief of surgeon at Kaiser. Spread the word and be safe y’all #covid19 #coronavirus 
BREAKING NEWS:  $10 million to fast-track a vaccine for coronavirus with @UQ_News  #covid19australia #COVIDー19 #Queensland
FACT: Trump is trying to HEIGHTEN the curve, not flatten it. Don't listen to his lip service, watch his actions. #Coronavirus #COVID19 #CoronavirusPandemic
NEW: Ireland reports 102 new cases of coronavirus, 785 cases in total. 25% are healthcare workers.
Coronavirus productivity tip! Now that you have received a Coronavirus-related email from every single product email list you have ever (been) subscribed to, it’s easy to work through methodically and unsubscribe from them all.
Italy banning jogging shows danger of time lag in coronavirus politics. The bodies piling up now were locked in by government decisions weeks ago. Banning jogging will solve little, but governments prefer new announcements than reckoning with their own culpability.
"You people truly suck!" An article circulating over the weekend implied @realDonaldTrump is pushing a coronavirus treatment that will kill people. @DonaldJTrumpJr  …
One cool thing about coronavirus is that all the millennials who are social distancing aren't going out for lattes and avocado toast, so we should all be able to buy houses at the end of this, right?
The Morrison govt has been mugged by the grim reality of the coronavirus pandemic. After years of ruthlessly denigrating Labor for using Keynesian stimulus they will be announcing a huge Keynesian intervention. In the interest of the nation I hope they get it right.
NO ONE who knows about Gal Gadot's cruelty during Israel’s horrific 2014 bombings of Gaza — when she posted “ #I Love IDF” during that massacre of Palestinians — is mad about her recent coronavirus social media fail. 
Brazilians bang pots and pans on their balconies to protest President Jair Bolsanaro’s handling of the coronavirus pandemic 
Premier Doug Ford is urging businesses to shift their manufacturing and begin creating life-saving medical supplies that are dwindling in Ontario  #coronavirus
At @NYGovCuomo's direction, all DMV offices statewide are closed until further notice. While offices are closed, expiration dates for driver licenses, non-driver IDs, and registrations will be extended. And all road tests will be suspended until further notice. #coronavirus 
The only reason for this is to allow Donald Trump to reign as a Dictator. ------- DOJ Wants to Suspend Constitutional Rights During Coronavirus Emergency  … via @Yahoo
Don't let coronavirus outbreak strip Americans of their right to vote  …
BREAKING: FDA Approves Milestone Coronavirus Test That Shows Results In 45 Minutes RT-  …
retweet if you're angry about how all this is being handled #coronavirus
The Feds' "WN Coronavirus Bioterror threat" report is 1.5 pages and consists of screenshots of like 2 memes. Marked "For official use only" yet leaked to the media right away. Seems like this is totally real and not cynical propaganda.
Poland will help Ukraine to repatriate its citizens who are stuck in various countries across the world due to the coronavirus outbreak. Poland's national flag carrier LOT will fly tens of thousands of Poles back home but Ukrainians will also receive a helping hand from Poland 
BREAKING: More Senators support a plan by @SenateDems to #cancelstudentdebt as part of the #Coronavirus #COVID19 economic stimulus package.  …
We need to bring people together to fight Coronavirus. Blaming China may seem like good politics, but it doesn’t solve anything, or mitigate the Trump Administration’s failures. Calling it the “Chinese virus” only breeds disunity, discrimination and division. Enough already.
“It hits me hard.” Democratic @RepKarenBass of California tells @secupp it’s unconscionable to think that the administration was unprepared to equip health care workers in the fight against coronavirus as a former health care worker herself. 
An Italian Doctor after 13 hours of War . #coronavirus 
The Las Vegas Strip on what would normally be a busy first week of March Madness weekend. #vegas #coronavirus 
Pope on confession in the time of #coronavirus : “Do what the Catechism says...If you cannot find a priest to confess to, speak directly to God...Make an act of contrition, and promise God, “‘I will go to confession afterward, but forgive me now.’  …
3 blocks from my house...I’m scared Florida coronavirus updates: Virus hits Florida middle school - South Florida Sun-Sentinel  …
It’s hard—but perhaps necessary—to mix politics and the #coronavirus crisis. Did @joebiden and @RonaldKlain get it  …
coronavirus causes respiratory sickness not illiteracy
Brexit by the end of the year will protect UK from Eurozone financial crisis, senior Brexiteers say  …Common senseNobody wants the free movement of coronavirus apart from the eu, we just don’t need that.
Luxurious #Iran Mall turns into a #coronavirus hospital 
I'm getting sick of these daily Coronavirus press conferences with Trump where he spreads propaganda. Are they going to have one tomorrow? It's Sunday. Even God took Sunday off after he made the universe.
According to reports, #NewOrleans radio host #DJBlackNMild has passed away at the age of 44 from the #coronavirus. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends. (Via: @Billboard) 
I love how our media is believing the Chinese Government and the numbers they give them for the CoronaVirus... They wonder why we call them Fake News... Good Lord...
Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart - who tested positive this week for the coronavirus - speaks out to our @jdbalart, his brother, in his first on-camera interview.  The congressman says he's feeling better but the initial symptoms hit him "like a ton of 
GLOBAL #CORONAVIRUS CASES REACH 304,086 81,008 53,578 25,496 23,513 22,255 20,610 14,459 8,799 6,863 5,018 3,631 2,992 2,815 2,164 1,770 1,328 1,326 1,280 1,183 1,128 1,072 1,054 995 947 883 785 670 645 537 536 532 
Why is it that a number of governments are using a drug produced in Cuba, including China, in fight against coronavirus but media in U.S. is not reporting this?
How different countries are doing fighting #coronavirus. China and S Korea are stand-outs. Not looking quite so good now in Singapore and HK. Scandinavian countries doing very well.  …
This is not good .... - Texas - 304 confirmed cases - 29mm people - NY - 10,000 plus CC - CA - 1024 CC - FL - 753 CC - IL - 658 CC Abbott is starting to panic, Cornyn should be, too. The Coronavirus joke series was f*cking wasn't funny then and it's even less funny now.  …
Just take a break from all stress & anxieties of Coronavirus after having a look on this beautiful click from Karbala 
Martin "Coronavirus" Luther.  …
ended coronavirus 
How many of you have first hand (NOT you heard a friend of a friend) experience with a friend or family member that tested positive for COVID19? If you answer to either yes, can  with the what state they are located? Please RT! #coronavirus #COVID19 #ChinaVirus
As Trump Approval Soars, Rachel Maddow and Others In Media Call for Blackout of President's Coronavirus Briefings The calls for the blackout  as reporters are making spectacles of themselves with gotcha questions.  …
Washington D.C.'s cherry blossoms are in bloom, but fewer people are venturing out to see them amid the coronavirus pandemic.  
Today marked the 20th coronavirus task force briefing at the WH including remotely in Washington state. 
THANK YOU @rihanna Pop superstar Rihanna donates $5 million to coronavirus relief efforts  …
Local Turkish paper "Ses Kocaeli" editor-in-chief detained for reporting coronavirus deaths 
UK coronavirus lockdown began after France threatened to shut border with Britain' President Emmanuel Macron called Boris Johnson on Friday night and threatened to close the border with the Britain unless he stemmed the coronavirus outbreak  …
Surgeon General Jerome Adams ripped as 'a disgrace' for parroting Trump's coronavirus spin  …
Israel’s prime minister said he is ready to step down next year as part of a proposed power-sharing agreement with his chief rival meant to steer the country through the coronavirus crisis and end a year-long political deadlock. 
If you say Coronavirus 3 times in any mirror other than your home mirrors....
Ahead on #SundayMorning The economic fallout of coronavirus CBS News business analyst @jillonmoney talks with Nobel Prize-winning economics expert Joseph Stiglitz about what can be learned from this unprecedented economic shutdown  
Men are faring worse than women in the coronavirus pandemic, according to statistics emerging from across the world  …
Washington Post Publishes Call for End to Live Broadcasts of Trump's Coronavirus Briefings as Four New Polls Show Majority Approval for President's Handling of Crisis Today’s reporters are not liking that Americans see their TRUE form! #MSMDead  …
Dutch police escort bus full of coronavirus patients 250km from the southern city of Breda up north to Groningen. Hospitals in the south filling up fast #coronavirus  …
The coronavirus has infected Ayatollah Yousef Tabatabai, an arch conservative who represents Isfahan in Iran's Assembly of Experts. 
Rethinking the #coronavirus shutdown: No society can safeguard public health for long at the cost of its economic health.  …
My second attempt to get tested for #Coronavirus in NYC. Something is up. It is impossible to get tested. Coronavirus in NY? @Cernovich @karol @CDCgov @NIH ⁦ 
Doctor Who Actress Sophia Myles Says Her Father Died of Coronavirus: 'Virus Finally Took Him' 
Bernie out here doing fireside chats with the people, outlining his coronavirus plan and how he’s gona help EVERYONE, meanwhile Biden doesn’t even know online chat exist #OurPresidentBernie
A member of the Franciscan Monastery of the Holy Land in America is the first person to die of the novel coronavirus in the District, the monastery’s superior, Father Larry Dunham, confirmed today.  …
Anybody else still working ? #CoronaVirus didn't stop EVERYBODY.... #rizzaislam #stillworking #interviewready #rizzawithfacts #intellectualxtremist 
With @RepJayapal & @USProgressives, we outlined 12 priorities for legislative action on the coronavirus pandemic. Including immediate cash assistance, addressing housing insecurity, expanding paid leave, ensuring free testing, treatment & prevention.  …
And THAT’S the coronavirus tea. (love Joe Jonas playing hype man with the facial expressions) 
Shouldn't there already be public info ads in every TV ad break & between BBC programmes? #Coronavirus
Freshman finding a cure for coronavirus so they can go to Reggie’s again 
Just found out a person we knew living in WA State has died of Coronavirus. He had been fighting cancer but had been doing well considering shocking when you know someone, take heed of the advice from health officials people @CKNW @GlobalBC @jodyvance @charlesadler @steeletalk
New Jersey distillery makes hand sanitizer during coronavirus pandemic  
Absentee President In A Season Of Coronavirus By Festus Adedayo | Sahara Reporters Why is Aso Rock pushing Nigerians to their limit like this? Is it such an impossible task to tell Nigerians that Buhari suffers from some disability which will... READ MORE:  
As thousand more are tested for #coronavirus, more Americans are now Active Cases. HOWEVER, 99.7% of Active Cases have low to mild condition, the death rate per Active Cases has dropped from 3.7% to below 1.3% and number of daily death are flattening  
Dear Mr. President @realDonaldTrump *Please* take a look at what else medical world is saying abt coronavirus & how vital it is not to destoy the country to fight it. Dr. John Ioannidis of Stanford:  … Dr. David Katz of  …
Anyone else surprised that Pence got close enough to Mommy so that she, too, has to be tested for #coronavirus after someone on his staff tested positive, even though Stephen Miller’s wife said Pence was not near the infected staffer?
 together to let you know that  botched the containment of Coronavirus and it's partially your fault for normalizing his  and allowing him to remain in power  high crimes and misdemeanors Mitch.
Spoken to a load of freelancers who are choosing not to take the social distancing advice seriously as doing so also means accepting they’ll have to take a massive and unaffordable cut to their  If the govt wants to stop coronavirus it needs to help the self-employed now!
The Aust Govt is investing more than $2.6m in cutting-edge diagnostics research at the Peter Doherty Institute, to tackle the coronavirus health emergency. The funding will be used to help maximise Australia’s capacity to test patients. MEDIA RELEASE -  …
Will the coronavirus close useless colleges and limit ridiculous college study programs? Students could once again be taught how to think, not what to think.  … via @robmaness #Coronaviruspandemic
The first 163 U.S. coronavirus deaths by state and age I will update periodically, time permitting! Separately, CDC analysis below. (Chart, mine)  
Joe Biden’s nakedly political “shadow briefings” are aimed at undermining the federal coronavirus response & @realDonaldTrump’s uplifting message of hope and optimism. Biden’s obvious political game won’t make Americans more  …
Seems noteworthy: “On re-evaluation by the National Institute of Health, only 12% of death certificates have shown a direct causality from coronavirus, while 88% of patients who have died have at least one pre-morbidity - many had 2 or 3.”  …
BON JOVI Keyboardist DAVID BRYAN Tests Positive For Coronavirus  
#BREAKING: 555 cases of coronavirus in Georgia with 20 dead, officials say:  
As thousand more are tested for #coronavirus, more Americans are now Active Cases. HOWEVER, 99.7% of Active Cases have low to mild condition, the death rate per Active Cases has dropped from 3.7% to below 1.3% and number of daily death are flattening  
NYSE boss sold his own stock ahead of coronavirus market meltdown - CBS News  …
NEW: An inmate at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn has tested positive for coronavirus. The Bureau of Prisons tells @AP  of chest pains Thurs. & was tested for COVID-19 at a local hospital. He’s back at the MDC & is in  …
Me every time I feel a little scratch in the back of my throat: “Fuck, this is it. I got coronavirus.” Can anyone else relate? #QuaratineLife
I've set out below the steps we must take to ensure those who are most at risk if they contract coronavirus are protected. While we create physical distance between ourselves, we must at the same time have closer social support for our neighbours. 
Sat in an Uber tonight, and as he drove, I explained what Coronavirus is (he'd heard, just not in detail). How it spreads. How to be safe. How both of us could currently be infected. I stepped out to quickly get something, when I got back, the car was smelling of hand sanitiser.
During Saturday’s coronavirus task force update, Trump once again blamed his administration's bungled response on Obama. 
Earlier this week, the chief physician for city jails warned public officials that a "storm  + that the jails needed to be emptied as much as possible to prevent a massive outbreak. This is a 375% increase in #coronavirus cases on  …
Here’s why Florida spring breakers could be ‘super-spreaders’ of COVID-19 coronavirus  …
Preliminary research shows that the coronavirus could live for up to: • 3 hours in the air • 4 hours on copper • 24 hours on cardboard • 3 days on plastic and stainless steel 
IMPOTUS lied during his televised coronavirus rally on Saturday that “he doesn’t know if his hotels would qualify for financial assistance,” & then, incredibly, pretended that he wasn’t sure whether his bedbug haven, Mar-a-Lago, had been closed. No words.  …
Nana Addo: We declare Wednesday as national day for fasting and prayers against Coronavirus ... Ghanaians on Wednesday morning 
#Italy shuts down almost all industrial production for 15 days in a bid to arrest the spread of the coronavirus. Supermarkets and Pharmacies to remain open along with banks and post offices. (BBG) 
Wow - way to step up. @nbacares  to raising more than $50 MILLION to support those impacted by coronavirus , plus launching all kinds  initiatives under the banner #NBATogether Love this league.  
I just read a potential cure for Coronavirus might be deleting @twitter I’m no scientist or doctor but I think it might be worth a try.
BREAKING: First 2 Coronavirus cases in Gaza. And now we wait for anti-Israel activists to blame Israel. I will give it an hour or two.
Muslim Twitter is very angry about this picture of a loving lesbian couple, saying Allah created the coronavirus to punish us for their behavior. Allah can get bent. Yay lesbians. 
Coronavirus wouldn’t let her make it to the store but she made something happen. I IS ENGAGED NIE YOU GUYS 
Former Real Madrid president Lorenzo Sanz dies of coronavirus. @sidlowe's full report  … #CoronavirusPandemic #RealMadrid #LorenzoSanz
You wanna know how I got rid of my germs #CoronavirusPandemic #COVIDIOT #Covid_19 #coronavirus 
We shall stay home from the beaches, we shall stay home from the landing grounds, we shall stay home from the fields and the streets, we shall stay home from the hills; we shall never surrender. #Coronavirus #Covid_19
What Did D.R., R&S, Oprah Say - It's Time to Stop Listening to MJ! Another time!!! Amid the pandemic caused by the new coronavirus, '' Heal The World '' has  the theme of hope for all. In the Spanish city of Vigo, people sing the song written by the King of Pop Mic 
. @Yamiche: "The president, after downplaying it for several weeks, now sees that the coronavirus is something that is a direct risk to economy, which is a a big part of what his re-election bid was going to be about." 
So my mom called and my papa (who just began cancer treatment this week) has been rushed to the hospital but my nana and mom are not allowed to go with him into the hospital because of coronavirus so he’s alone and probably scared. His phone is going straight to voicemail
It’s important that the Congress rise to the challenge to help millions of Americans suffering. We must also keep our critical infrastructure in place until we turn the corner on coronavirus. I know our  certainly will.
Trump finds a way to sprinkle some racism on the coronavirus pandemic. Full episode:  
Do you find yourself under-reacting or overreacting to the coronavirus pandemic? Here's what your answer reveals about your biases. 
Target gives workers raises, paid leave option during coronavirus pandemic  
Niki Savva: Peter Dutton could have picked up coronavirus at a gym in Sydney on his return from the US. Ah ha. Methinks Nikki may know a little more to that story. Hope she shares it with us. #insiders
so hard to rewatch knowing his full name is coronavirus matthews 
Rihanna has donated $5 million dollars through her Clara Lionel foundation to fight coronavirus. This money will go towards protective equipment for medical staffers, critical respiratory supplies, and will help with the development of vaccines. 
Watching Pornography during the Coronavirus is like a person sentenced to house arrest because of arson setting his own house on fire.￼
As the U.S. blames China for the coronavirus pandemic, the rest of the world asks China for help  by @joepenney
As @Bishopoftyler took Christ to the crossroads today, here’s 21 brave priests from all over the world that did the same... Thanks be to God for our steadfast shepherds! #Coronavirus #Eucharist  …
ME: Okay so when we're outside now we have to be very careful of germs, much more careful than we normally are... son? son? SON (literally stroking a huge coronavirus germ under its chin): aw he's so cute, can we keep him
Judge rejects demand to release illegal aliens amid coronavirus pandemic  via @washtimes
This is one story behind how and why West Virginia had no reported coronavirus cases for so long. 
Following the outbreak of the coronavirus, the Trump Administration quickly signed a bill that: Provides $7.76 billion to federal, state, and local agencies  the virus Authorizes $500 million in waivers for Medicare telehealth restrictions.
Ghanaians when Coronavirus is gone 
#Coronavirus #COVID19 Pictures show unusual protective masks #AFP  @AntAFP & Nelson 
Get the latest facts on the fight against #coronavirus.  …
We’ll miss you, Nintendo NY! The store is closing its doors for the “foreseeable future” amid the coronavirus pandemic.  
The best part of @MikeCarlton01 blocking me (moments after he attacked with his little army) is that I don't have to see any of the utter tosh he puts out late in the evening. ...I also had to google who he was. #auspol #outsiders #skynews #skymidmorning #politics #coronavirus
 wins FDA approval for first rapid coronavirus test with 45-minute detection time 
The Coronavirus outbreak will see a dramatic decrease in cases and will be on a stable, contained level by the Summer.
As Trump Approval Soars, Rachel Maddow and Others In Media Call for Blackout of President's Coronavirus Briefings  … via @gatewaypundit
1 week later: New Orleans has one confirmed #coronavirus case for every 1,000 residents.  …
China just got caught lying again! (Residents Yell It's 'All Fake' Regarding China's Coronavirus Recovery)  …
The shop at the top of Tufnell Park Rd is profiteering from #coronavirus. They've put up the price of things like eggs, bread and toilet roll. I will be boycotting them. 
I wish you won't throw up while watching this host promising the world salvation. After all, #CCP is now the only Savior when the world is falling to #CCPVirus #COVID2019 For more:  #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronavirusPandemic 
#Coronavirus #COVID19 Los países con más muertes reportadas hasta hoy: Italia 4.825 China 3.255 Irán 1.556 España 1.378 Francia 562 Estados Unidos 299 Reino Unido 233 Holanda 136
This is an excellent way to explain just how easy it is to spread the #coronavirus 
Science advisor to Italy's Minister of Health explains #of deaths due to coronavirus wildly exaggerated. Only 12 p/c of Italian deaths attributed to coronavirus are actually due to coronavirus. Now do you smell a rat (bat)? Why are we killing ourselves? Who benefits?  …
Surgeon General Jerome Adams ripped as 'a disgrace' for parroting Trump's coronavirus spin  …
Britney Spears is going to help fans buy necessities amid the "hard times" caused by coronavirus. Spears also nominated Will Smith, boyfriend Sam Asghari, and one of her talent agents, Cade Hudson, to participate in the 
I’m shocked and saddened @JJBeanCoffee at Suterbrook Village. I was standing in line but barista wouldn’t serve me and helped all the white customers behind me. I waved my credit card in her face and stood right in front of her. I fear racism from the coronavirus. This is bs.
As thousand more are tested for #coronavirus, more Americans are now Active Cases. HOWEVER, 99.7% of Active Cases have low to mild condition, the death rate per Active Cases has dropped from 3.7% to below 1.3% and number of daily death are flattening  
Confirmed Coronavirus Cases Are Growing Faster In The United States Than Any Other Country In The World  …
Donald Trump’s dangerous lie about coronavirus drugs is already landing overdose patients in the hospital  … via @PalmerReport
"The Justice Department has quietly asked Congress for the ability to ask chief judges to detain people indefinitely without trial during emergencies — part of a push for new powers  as the coronavirus spreads through the United States."  …
Viruses Know No Borders: Viruses don’t care about your ethnicity, color of your skin, how much money you have in the bank 2009 H1N1 pandemic originated in North America, we didn’t call it the North American flu This is a time for facts #COVID19 #Coronavirus 
is it coronavirus or the edible kicking in
Claim they're going shopping: Border officials allow hundreds of Mexican vehicles to cross despite Trump ban  … #Coronavirus
Reporters keep asking #trump why he uses the racist term #ChinaVirus. He lamely replies: because  from China. We know where it came from. We don't need his racism injected into a deadly virus. It's the #coronavirus or #COVID19. It's not the China Virus.
Analysis: Small  in  up bigger than ever in fight against the economic contagion caused by coronavirus 
Seventy-nine year-old Anthony Fauci has  the grandfatherly captain of the coronavirus crisis. 
"U.S. hospitals are warning that they are so strapped for cash that without some financial relief, they will be unable to meet their payrolls in a matter of weeks and some could be forced to close just as #coronavirus cases are surging."  …
Currently, there’s over 600 members of the DC MRC – 2/3 are medical professionals. The program vets & trains its volunteers. DC Health has called up the DC MRC for coronavirus response. We continue to seek additional medical professionals for the DC MRC 
We are in this together, though apart! Helping people remain at home will save lives and keep people safe. If Parliament doesn’t give casuals and gig workers 14 days paid #coronavirus sick leave next week, we won’t get another chance for months. 
FDA approves first rapid coronavirus test with 45 minutes detection... 
Alert See Something Say Something Cops say they will arrest teens who are going into grocery stores and COUGHING on produce in disturbing coronavirus prank on social media  …
Trump defends action in early days of coronavirus crisis, blames China for being 'secretive' Trump said at a WH briefing “Unfortunately, China, I wish China would have told us more about what was going on in China long prior to us reading about it.”
While the #coronavirus was spreading, @WHO & #China were playing games...now the whole world is fearful and in #quarantine...even worse, #ChinaLiedPeopleDied... @geopolytica @FernandoAmandi @ClubSpeaks  …
I’ve been worried about my local piñata and party supply shop owned by the sweetest older couple, so I checked out their Instagram and they posted this little coronavirus piñata they made. I look forward to bashing the shit out of one of these when it’s over. 
Government officials reportedly 'just couldn't get' Trump TO DO ANYTHING about coronavirus early on There were numerous government officials who tried to warn the president about the repercussions as early as January after meeting intel agencies  …
A doctor in Boston writes about the spooky calm of working in a hospital that is preparing for what everyone fears will be a massive wave of patients infected with the coronavirus. 
Why does Russia, population 146 million, have fewer coronavirus cases than Luxembourg? By Mary Ilyushina, CNN Updated 12:28 PM ET, Sat March 21, 2020 Trump is right about Putin,he is a better head of state than Trump !!
Dele Alli goes partying two nights in a row after Premier League suspends season over coronavirus fears  
"States seeking to buy medical supplies needed for the coronavirus pandemic will be able to buy abroad despite usual restrictions under the federal Buy American Act...Puerto Rico & Washington, DC are at least temporarily not being given that dispensation"  …
An Italian perspective on the Dutch approach to #coronavirus  
NEW: Turkey reports 277 new cases of coronavirus and 12 new deaths. A total of 947 cases and 21 deaths.
This is very sobering, but for anyone who is doubting what we’re up against, please read. (The rest of you should spare yourselves I think.)How the Coronavirus Could Take Over Your Body  …
One thing that has been glaringly absent from Trump's press conferences — Empathy. Trump has no empathy. Thousands of people are dying all over the World &, now, over 300 Americans. The reason is simple, yet hideous — because sociopaths/psychopaths have no empathy. #Coronavirus
Global stats as at last 10 minutes: •304,622 cases of coronavirus •94,793 recoveries •13,000 deaths #CoronavirusPandemic
A week after House received closed briefing on coronavirus threat and weeks before U.S. stocks began to plunge, Rep. James Comer bought shares of Slack, an instant messaging service that workplaces use. Comer spox said he didn’t attend briefing.  …
America- we are tiny fingers close to a dictatorship.... DOJ Wants to Suspend Constitutional Rights During Coronavirus Emergency  … via @RollingStone
Housing advocates fear that the economic fallout of coronavirus may push thousands more into homelessness, which was already a nationwide crisis. 
Walmart will be having seniors hours and adjusting their hours because of coronavirus. CityNews' @leahjohansen has 
What do these things have to do with COVID-19? City of Bellingham, WA Proposes Banning Alcohol Sales, Gun Possession, Transfer, And Sales Amid Coronavirus Panic  … via @gatewaypundit
Corps of Engineers has a plan #coronavirus  …
This is absolutely crazy. Federal law enforcement document reveals white supremacists discussed using coronavirus as a bioweapon. These are probably the same people standing in line around gun stores now buying guns.  …
Eerie scenes of an empty New York City as coronavirus lockdown looms  
Alan Jones puts lives at risk with his take on coronavirus  … via @smh He has placed the very lives of his listeners, and other Australians, at risk...irresponsible broadcasting...If that is not enough to see him taken off air, I don’t know what is.
CHINA IS LYING ABOUT THE CORONAVIRUS, PART 6,743,781.  …
Coronavirus really cramping our celebration game, but with a lot of space and separate cakes, we’re wishing a happy birthday to @FunnyAstro and an early birthday to @HeesuGOD!! Two of our youngest players bring such joy to our @Fusion  – at AKA University City at Cira Centre South
A college student from OC and her boyfriend rafted the Colorado River in the Grand Canyon for 25  off the grid. They returned to learn about the coronavirus pandemic. 
If Boris Johnson had taken this crisis seriously from the beginning, far more people would have taken it seriously. Instead, he bragged about shaking hands with coronavirus patients in a hospital with no coronavirus patients. And they say we should get behind the government.
What does it mean? "States seeking to buy medical supplies needed for the coronavirus pandemic will be able to buy abroad despite usual restrictions under the federal Buy American Act, according to a FEMA announcement Saturday."  …
How North Korea is handling the coronavirus: 
State Health Dept Director is preaching negligence to cover up the Governor’s  #COVIDー19 #coronavirus  …
They share an ideology and crises like the coronavirus pandemic make that abundantly clear. Evangelicals are looking for an End Times battle and waiting on a  separatists are itching for a literal battle and an ascension to power. They’re in concert.
Paramedics across Massachusetts soon will be able to go directly to people’s homes and perform coronavirus tests, a new step that health officials say will help them identify more patients and give them a clearer picture of how widespread the virus is.  …
Chiara Ferragni reacts to Doutzen’s “Thank you coronavirus” post on Instagram 
Might be useful for parents! A little song for the kids to sing when washing their hands. Hand hygiene is so important in slowing the spread of the #coronavirus. Catchy song too!  …
Per CNN: "91-yr-old dies of coronavirus." Ninety-one is a life well-lived if not a decade beyond the norm. Ninety-one could very well be natural causes. On that note, RIP. But 91?
The coronavirus impact goes beyond healthcare Family Farms are filing bankruptcy at an alarming rate. Farmers need customers, not tariffs “What about us? What about all the plans that ended in disaster? What about love? What about trust? What about us?” P!nk - What about us 
NEW: America's hospitals, doctors and nurses urge Trump to use the Defense Production Act to ramp up domestic manufacturing of medical supplies to fight the coronavirus.  …
I saw that sorcerer supreme was trending and my dumbass started crying because I thought Benedict Cumberbatch had the coronavirus. I was wrong.
Federal law enforcement document reveals white supremacists discussed using coronavirus as a bioweapon  …
Wash your hands. Practice social distancing. Help other people. Together, as Americans, we will get through this and  the Coronavirus. 
John Bolton declares China 'responsible' for coronavirus outbreak, says world must hold them 'accountable'  #FoxNews
Are the rest of the Ugandans here also getting 2.2m each since the Coronavirus has reached Uganda? Remember the ones in Wuhan got over 200m in total.
Toxicologist says anti-malaria drugs show 'promise' in treating coronavirus  #FoxNews
Two NHS consultants are receiving critical care after  infected with coronavirus during their clinical work. This illustrates the risks that frontline NHS staff face from #COVID19 and why we need full PPE cover. Let’s wish them a speedy  …
The situation on #Rikers has worsened. According to information from city's Board of Correction, 21 inmates, 12 jail employees and five correctional health workers have tested positive for #coronavirus up from a total of eight people the day before:  …
Robert Lewandowski and wife Anna make £924,000 donation to help fight coronavirus  …
Coronavirus: Police to swoop on pubs and restaurants that refuse to close  …
Despite what the MSM tries to tell you and they desperately want to see @realDonaldTrump fall on his face. Polls are looking good for @POTUS. Because he’s doing an amazing job! Poll: Approval of Trump‘s Handling of Coronavirus on the Rise  …
As Trump reportedly received intelligence reports about the seriousness of the coronavirus threat, he continued to downplay its severity in public.  …
I’ve been monitoring white separatist and  and both are flooded with people convinced coronavirus is both a plague from God and an opportunity to seize power. This isn’t surprising considering both groups share Neo-fascist, white supremacist ideology.
Sometimes people ask: how has genomics impacted patient care? Read the first paragraph of the WHO report on coronavirus. Powerful.  
I arrived Atlanta on the 6th of March & that was the first day a #Coronavirus death was announced. Today is the 21st (15 days after oh) & Atlanta has recorded 52 deaths to date. Fellow Nigerians, take this thing serious. It is real & deadly. @DrJoeAbah @OgbeniDipo @is_salsu
#CCP continues its 21-year long persecution of  ) during the #CoronavirusOutbreak. Two practitioners went missing after being sent to the quarantine center. For more:  #CCPVirus #COVID2019 #CoronavirusPandemic #coronavirus 
“On re-evaluation by the National Institute of Health, only 12 per cent of death certificates have shown a direct causality from coronavirus, while 88 per cent of patients who have died have at least one pre-morbidity - many had two or three.”
We’re two weeks into a realistic understanding of how devastating, traumatic, and deadly #coronavirus is... And yet, every single millennial I know is taking the threat very seriously and self-isolating while their parents are just frustrated they’re not allowed to go on cruises
Donald Trump's dangerous lie about coronavirus drugs is already landing overdose patients in the hospital  …
Hello. I spoke to @saulniguez about how he's putting together a movement designed to help health professionals, small businesses and the self-employed affected by the Coronavirus crisis in Spain.  …
Actor Sean Penn says in op-ed that U.S. military should intervene in coronavirus fight  …
Robert Reich says airlines ‘shouldn’t see a dime of taxpayer money’ in a coronavirus bailout  …
“This is a clear example of what should never happen in health care.” The Ontario Nurses’ Association says more than 50 nurses at St. Mary’s Hospital have been exposed to the coronavirus. 
2020 Olympics must be postponed until coronavirus is "under control worldwide," says Norwegian   …
John Bolton declares China 'responsible' for coronavirus outbreak, says world must hold them 'accountable'  #FoxNews
Max Boot: Donald Trump’s catastrophic coronavirus failure confirms dire predictions.  
POTUS had Two Corona Tweets Today that had  attached What does RR have to do with Corona? News unlocks the Map Dr. Nancy Messonnier (RR sister) is a top CDC official handling the coronavirus response Going to break this graphic down in thread. 
JUST IN: Spain reports 3,925 new cases of coronavirus and 288 new deaths. A total of 25,496 cases and 1,381 deaths.
There are still people who aren’t taking this #coronavirus outbreak seriously. Remember, it’s not just about you. Spare a thought for family & loved ones, especially the elderly. You may be young & healthy but there are those whose immune system  Don’t be selfish!
Unbelievable — Italy admits it had overestimated its death rate from #coronavirus. And Germany’s death rate is only 0.3% of cases.  …
11/ Trump is an awful enough person to contemplate that his otherwise head-scratching delays in responding to the coronavirus might be deliberate. Effective messaging to counteract his propaganda is more crucial than ever.
Army employee fired for insensitive post about coronavirus outbreak Calling attention to these vile tweets works. If you see something, say something.  …
The vast majority of the economic costs of the coronavirus shutdown are going to be borne by the people who make the least. Their jobs are the first to go.
Bon Jovi’s David Bryan has announced via his official Instagram that he has tested POSITIVE for the CoronaVirus. Get well soon David! 
US-China relations may be a big casualty of the outbreak. You can vote in our poll: Should Trump lessen ties with Beijing after coronavirus and supply chain problems?  …
Macron was on the point of closing France's border with the UK yesterday if Johnson didn't take stronger measures against Coronavirus - article just appeared in tonight's Libération .....  …
International Survey on Corona Virus Please help researchers from Harvard, Warwick, Cambridge and other universities understand how people cope with coronavirus! Survey takes 10mins and is available in many languages. 
How the Coronavirus Became an American Catastrophe The death and economic damage sweeping the United States could have been avoided — if only we had started testing for the virus sooner. That abject failure will be a major part of Trump’s sad legacy.  …
I don’t know why this needs to be explained but holding China accountable for lying about the coronavirus doesn’t involve posting a video of some Vietnamese restaurant cooking a dog alive unless your goal is to incite violence against Asians.
Muqtada Al-Sader followers continue to think #coronavirus is a man who they can take on and beat by defying medical advice. #SocialDistancing 
Donald Trump’s catastrophic coronavirus failure confirms dire predictions. - by @maxBoot The Washington  …
Biden Emerges From Hiding, Plans to Attack President Trump with Shadow Coronavirus Briefings From His Home in Delaware. Only a blithering idiot would listen to anything, "quid pro Joe" had to say  … via @gatewaypundit
DOJ Wants to Suspend Constitutional Rights During Coronavirus Emergency  … #SmartNews
The death toll from #coronavirus is rising more quickly in the UK than it was in Italy at the same point in the outbreak.  …
Coronavirus at nursing homes ‘almost perfect killing machine’  …
The coronavirus phase 3 stimulus plan must put American families and workers first. But the plan released by Republicans prioritizes the interests of corporations and shareholders. Here are my priorities as I fight for a package that won’t sell out working people. THREAD:
The biological warfare *against* us is running... #NWO #chemtrails #5G #Covid_19 #coronavirus 
About time. "FDA authorizes first rapid, 'point of care' coronavirus test"  …
The @realdonaldtrump admin has ramped up coronavirus testing, performing 50,000 tests on Friday, up from 25,000 the day before. That figure only counts tests performed at public health labs, it does not include the "well over 10,000" hospital-based labs. 
ICE wants masks so they can round up and detain immigrants and put them in cramped detention centers where coronavirus will spread like wildfire - without getting sick themselves. Evil.  …
There's a guy here at the park outdoor workout area using the dip station to stretch out his groin I wouldn't wish coronavirus on anyone but
This Coronavirus got guys shooting their shot I see.
#Coronavirus: Jews deliver food to Poles who saved Jews during Holocaust  …
I weep in anger and frustration imagining what might have been if Hillary Clinton had won. We couldn’t have avoided the coronavirus, but we could have ameliorated its effects. We could be South Korea (102 deaths) rather than Italy (4,825+ deaths). 
Local leaders have taken an important step in our fight against coronavirus. We will share more information as it  available. 
Italy coronavirus death toll rises by 793 to 4,825. The hardest-hit northern region of Lombardy remains in a critical situation, with 3,095 deaths and 25,515 cases. #DudukRumah #JustStayAtHome  …
Extremists aren’t just using #coronavirus to spread disinformation and hate. They’ve also discussed using the virus as a bioweapon — targeted at “nonwhite” people and law enforcement. Read more here from ⁦ @hunterw⁩ and ⁦ @janawinter⁩  …
People, please... DO NOT wear a mask unless you DO HAVE the coronavirus!! Masks gathers bacteria, because you touch your face so many times during a day. You’re better off, trust me..
South Korean firm develops kit that can diagnose #coronavirus in 10 minutes | TheCable  
BREAKING: Sen. Bernie Sanders called for a monthly $2,000 payment to every U.S. household for the duration of the coronavirus crisis.
Nigeria Reports Chloroquine Poisonings as Trump Keeps Pushing Drug Against Coronavirus 
Hungarian PM Viktor #Orban has decided that extraordinary are needed to limit the spread of the #Coronavirus in #Hungary He has asked parliament to let him rule by decree until the end of 2020 It will be interesting to see how efficient he will be in his fight against the  …
Today serving 2.4 million people, #MealsOnWheels is often the one factor that separates an elderly person from both hunger and social isolation. But the novel coronavirus has presented the organization with unprecedented challenges. 
there's already a similar case in Poland. tw suicide a polish doctor came back from his holidays overseas & immediately went on quarantine but a newspaper spreaded rumours that he took patients while tested positive for coronavirus. gossip & threats got so bad he took his life.
The coronavirus did not escape from a lab. Here's how we know.  …
Laura Ingraham: Trump’s ‘sharp instincts’ better than ‘intellectuals and academics’ on unapproved coronavirus drug  …
A total of 267,013 confirmed #COVID19 cases have been reported to @WHO from 184 countries & territories . These case counts reflect the latest numbers from the @WHO #coronavirus dashboard as of 18:00 CET 21 March 2020. Link:  
It’s important that people be free to go about their daily life without having coronavirus panic thrust in their face. I’ll have my music without that, thank you.
I’ve just spoken to my brother. He’s told me the situation with #coronavirus and it’s as if he knows that the battle he is about to fight could be his last. He’s a senior consultant surgeon and he’s never sounded so worried. Max respect to those who put their lives on the line
There is no point building a bridge if people are drowning underneath it. Any subsidy or financial support to business must be linked to saving jobs, paying wages #insiders #coronavirus
Alhamdulillah, hot meals for the nurses & staff at Heartlands Hospital in #Birmingham amazing efforts by brother Yaqub and the Birmingham One Nation team.  #coronavirus #SupportTheNHS #UnsungHeroes Thank you 
Robert Reich says airlines ‘shouldn’t see a dime of taxpayer money’ in a coronavirus bailout  …
CA coronavirus deaths rise to 23  spread is suspected in hundreds of confirmed cases  …
1st wave, Asians stocked up on sanitizers & Clorox wipes. 2nd wave, Asians stocked up on toilet paper. 3rd wave, Asians stocked up on food. In the 4th wave, Asians will be stocking up on guns because of the racism in America. #COVID19 #coronavirus 
This is a frightening time for all as we #StayAtHome. It’s therefore more important than ever to be kind and  towards others. For those who are sick, or those who are not and are worried, remember we are in this together. You are not alone. #Covid_19 #coronavirus 
As the #coronavirus forces millions around the world to stay home, social media platforms are facing big surges in usage with increased levels of online abuse. A better internet starts with all of us. Let's continue to fight misogyny and sexism on our platforms! 
.⁦ @Twitter⁩, are you ever going to give us a reporting option for false Coronavirus information? 
Kindle edition is FREE! My gift to everyone stuck at home. Stay safe & happy reading #freebook #Freebooks #freekindlebooks #stuckathome #SocialDistancing #readers #books #coronavirus #StayAtHome #read #californiacoronavirus #readabook #mustread  
. @KBeds, after @realDonaldTrump failed to address reporting that he ignored intelligence warnings about coronavirus for months: "Instead of taking charge and taking responsibility, Trump has passed the buck and failed to lead, making us more vulnerable at a precarious moment..." 
Italy's PM Conte is now giving an extraordinary speech on #Coronavirus #Covid_19 to the nation - at 11.30 pm local time on Saturday (like in wartime). He has just announced the immediate closure of all non-essential businesses and even more restrictions Now the lockdown is 
For the VIP Coronavirus patients in Pak. :)  …
Coronavirus is going to expose some hard truths about rural healthcare in this country.  …
“It’s a joke - sending us into war without helmets” - the alarming message from an NHS doctor on the frontline fighting the coronavirus. It’s vital that adequate protective equipment is provided immediately
Sad to report DJ Black N Mild has died of coronavirus. Black N Mild specialized in the bounce sound, which was native to his hometown of New Orleans. He was 44. 
He literally says, "why aren't we sanitizing masks?" I am so sorry to all the doctors and nurses on the front lines who have someone this unintelligent at the helm and I am enraged at the fools around him who won't speak up and tell him how uniformed he is. #coronavirus  …
Lecrae Installs Portable Handwashing Stations for Atlanta's Homeless Amid the Coronavirus 
Join us daily at 12pm (your local time) to meditate & focus for 5mins on a solution to the coronavirus. Close your eyes, take a few deep breaths, vision yourself, your loved ones,  & the world all healthy and well & solutions now being found to the coronavirus.
Per @matthewstoller, Mitch McConnell is rushing through a TARP-style corporate bailout. For example: "Using the excuse of the coronavirus, Boeing is trying to get the taxpayer to foot the bill for its errors, so it can go back to making more of them"  …
A Seattle Seahawks legend is doing his part to help the city fight the coronavirus outbreak.  …
This week the House passed the Families First Coronavirus Response Act. It provides emergency spending to respond to COVID-19 including free testing for the virus, and food & unemployment benefits. Ted Budd (R - NC13) voted against it. Support @HuffmanForNC and vote him out.
Remember when @FoxNews Medical A-Team member @DrMarcSiegel asserted the worst case scenario for coronavirus would be "it could be the flu"? That was two weeks ago. On #Hannity. It's on tape. REF:  …  
For more on coronavirus please listen to my report on the daily “One City’s Fight to Stop the Virus” a.k.a. “How A Journalist Got Coronavirus”  …
U.S. intel issued ominous warnings in Jan/Feb re danger of #coronavirus while Trump played down threat & failed to act to slow spread of the pathogen. Trump is cognitively impaired, can’t  info. #Presidementia #TrumpNotFitForOffice  …
Dr. Andrew Bostom: THE TIME IS NOW! Use Chloroquine (CQ) as Coronavirus Prophylaxis @AndrewBostom  … via @gatewaypundit
Nigeria reported two cases of chloroquine poisoning after U.S. President Trump praised the anti-malaria drug as a treatment for the coronavirus  … via @markets
Horrifying and totally unsurprising: in February, white supremacists discussed using coronavirus as a bioweapon. And they of course used Telegram, a hotbed for extremism. (via ⁦ @hunterw⁩ ⁦  …
Coronavirus with asthma: What the CDC says you should know if you have asthma during COVID-19 pandemic  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci explains how the COVID-19 coronavirus spreads, and why it is more serious than  cold or 
Took coronavirus for men to finally understand boundaries eh
Iranian Health Ministry spokesman Kianush Jahanpur said Iran is documenting a new death at the hands of the coronavirus every ten minutes. 
Think Exotic Animals Are to Blame for the Coronavirus? Think Again. via  …
BREAKING: The 5 second rule has now been lowered to the 4 second rule to help prevent the spread of coronavirus
The Coronavirus has exposed the vast difference between being a Democrat and being Republican. You either believe in facts and science or live in an alternate universe of lies, denial and conspiracy theories. The result of spending your whole life with your head up your ass
Fascinating episode. Stem cells are amazing. AND there are indications they may help treat #coronavirus. Download:  
Bolivia’s electoral authority announced the suspension of the May 3 general elections as the country begins a two-week quarantine  coronavirus.  …
Man Stops Touching Women He Doesn’t Know Because of Coronavirus, Yep, Just Coronavirus:  
To be real, I think we all have Coronavirus... We just don’t have enough test to test everybody... and not everybody gets sick from it. Some people get sick, some people it just passes through.
FDA approves a new test that could detect the coronavirus in about 45 minutes  
Before coronavirus, there'd be around 20,000 planes in our skies at any given time. Now that they've largely been grounded by the pandemic, where are they all being stored? 
ICYMI - Stanford Professor: Data Indicates We’re Severely Overreacting To Coronavirus 
THANK YOU GROCERY WORKERS! Employees working at Kroger will be receiving an appreciation bonus for those working during the coronavirus pandemic.  …
Five states have now issued stay-at-home orders to prevent the spread of novel coronavirus. New Jersey @GovMurphy and Michigan @GovWhitmer discuss how their states are grappling with this new threat Sunday on "This Week"  
this is almost unbelievable. after the first round of reports that Sen Loeffler sold millions in stock after coronavirus briefing, we learn her husband did the same & those sales "are not included in Loeffler's Senate disclosure" of course, they're supposed to be #gasen  …
Why is Japan still a coronavirus outlier? | The Japan Times  …
BREAKING NEWS: Italy announced stricter lockdown to close industries not necessary to make country still ongoing #coronavirus
EXCLUSIVE: How @iamlorengray is planning to spend her birthday amid the Coronavirus crisis.  …
Not a bad Saturday's work @shelterpoint. We distilled 2,750 kgs of alcohol at 77% abv. That will equate to 3,222 litres of sanitizer to help front-line workers in the fight against coronavirus. #InItTogether #COVID19BC 
J.K. Rowling grants open license for teachers reading "Harry Potter" online during coronavirus pandemic  
Transformers actress Sophia Myles' dad dies of coronavirus as she shares heartbreaking last snap  …
Coronavirus is nothing like leprosy. People who appear healthy can have it without showing symptoms and can pass it to others. Even if you catch it and survive it, not everyone will be that lucky. The goal now is to curb the spread by limiting human interaction.
Iran: Coronavirus Death Toll Exceeds 8,800 Maryam Rajavi: Workers’ wages must be paid so they won’t have to go to work amid the spread of #Coronavirus  …
Medical worker describes terrifying lung failure from COVID-19 — even in his young patients #coronavirus  …
FDA approves coronavirus test that produces results in 45 minutes  … #khou #FactsNotFear 
my friend @janawinter has a terrifying new story: "White supremacists 'suggested targeting … law enforcement and  with some mention of public places in general'...the extremists discussed a number of methods for coronavirus attacks."  …
This is an  to murder. Instincts? Laura Ingraham: Trump’s ‘sharp instincts’ better than ‘intellectuals and academics’ on unapproved coronavirus drug – DeadState  …
Coronavirus tests on their way to Ukraine from China. As these tests are distributed nationwide, it will likely lead to a sharp rise in the number of confirmed Ukrainian cases. This increase will cause initial alarm - but it will actually help  the spread of the virus 
S&T students, faculty and staff are setting up 3-D printer farms across campus to 3-D print N95 masks and face shields for @PhelpsHealth1. There are currently no confirmed cases of #covıd19 at S&T or in Phelps County. #minersdigdeeper to #slowthespread of #coronavirus 
Cristiano Ronaldo teaches his kids how to #staysafe from coronavirus by washing their hands 
AC Milan have confirmed that Paolo Maldini and son Daniel Maldini have both tested positive for the coronavirus. Speedy recovery lads. 
Can you IMAGINE if she was president right now...handling this #coronavirus crisis instead of #Trump? 
Here's the US Surgeon General explaining some of these dynamics in early March, though the shortage of PPE has gotten far worse as the #coronavirus outbreak has spread.  …
CoronaVirus Cornish Pasty Party  …
I genuinely believe the Government’s overall Coronavirus strategy is sound. But it’s being undermined by 
Bernie Sanders is using his massive fundraising infrastructure to raise money for people impacted by #coronavirus and his massive social media infrastructure to educate people about #coronavirus. Joe Biden hasn’t made a campaign appearance in 3 days.
The FDA has approved the first rapid coronavirus test, which produces results in about 45 minutes.  …
Infectious disease experts don’t know how bad the coronavirus is going to get, either. Via 
At least 55 coronavirus deaths, one quarter of all fatalities, have occurred in senior care facilities, Post review finds 
Drake Tells His Father He Was Tested For the Coronavirus 
“The people who brought [the coronavirus] were the  from vacations to Europe, but the people who will suffer much more will be the poor.”  …
BREAKING: Sen. Bernie Sanders's campaign just said that it raised more than $2 million in the last 48 hours for several charities that are working  the coronavirus outbreak in the U.S. THANK YOU, Bernie Sanders
Detention “indefinitely without trial during emergencies”?! #Coronavirus does not justify indefinte detention! The request wven includes “juveniles.”  …
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has announced that it has approved the use of a rapid coronavirus diagnostic test that returns results in approximately 45 minutes. 
Pretending like your terrible business decisions are actually the coronavirus’ fault: the herb’s way  …
After a pretty grim start to the week I luckily appear all but recovered from suspected Coronavirus. I kept a daily log of symptoms for anyone who cares to read more about what it was like.
Apple Is Donating Millions of Masks to Health Workers Battling Coronavirus, CEO Tim Cook Says 
Me, a 19 year old, sorting through my Depression Era grandparents' hoarded freezer goods and nonperishables: Lol this will never be me Me, a 30-something year old, watching coronavirus rewire my brain: Oh no I can see my future and it is everything I thought I would not 
Trump didn’t need intelligence briefings to appreciate coronavirus. Even Tucker Carlson was on the case! #MalignantEnabling #Presidementia  …
This is the biggest threat to your health right now: DOJ Wants to Suspend Constitutional Rights During Coronavirus Emergency  … via @RollingStone
. @JeffreeStar offers fans financial assistance as Coronavirus concerns mount. 
#Lockdown meaning - If you are working from home, triple your efforts. This country must be run and run by you and me. #Coronavirus will go and and Rwanda will stay. We will need this Rwanda after all this. #COVIDー19 should not stop us from 
I’m drinkin... I’m grilling out steaks... Listening to Jimmy Buffet... Up yours, Coronavirus
Feds: Supremacists discussed using coronavirus as a bioweapon  …
What we all need right now is @FeitsBarstool to make a return on @BarstoolNewsN and report everything we need to know on the coronavirus! 
#BREAKING: The House of Commons will convene Tuesday to deal with urgent business related to the novel coronavirus, according to a source in the prime minister’s office. 
The number of critically ill patients needing ventilators will skyrocket in  weeks due to coronavirus. SIGN THE PETITION: Tell Trump to use emergency war powers to mass-produce ventilators and other medical supplies! 
39 yo, Natasha Ott, found dead in her kitchen on Friday-her coronavirus test from Monday still pending She had initially passed on having the test after having been told she was low risk for COVID-19 How many other deaths haven’t been counted?  …
Dr. Dena Grayson answers YOUR questions about the new #coronavirus. #COVID19  …
1/3 This VICE article on "Can I Get Coronavirus From Food?"  … represents the sort of unconscionable, fear mongering writing that will cause considerable damage. There is NO evidence for foodborne transmission of Coronavirus. @bugcounter - dare 
MARCA: Goodbye Mr. President, he who brought the European Cup back to Madrid. Lorenzo Sanz a victim of the coronavirus passes away aged 76. 
Labor shadow treasurer Jim Chalmers says Opposition Leader Anthony Albanese should be put on the national cabinet dealing with the coronavirus. Right now the group is the PM and state and territory leaders.
Cat & dog feeling the effects of isolation from #coronavirus #FlattenTheCurve #puppies 
Trump & Pence, last week: "We'll have a million tests this week and 4 million tests next week." Reality Check: Only 170,000 tests have been given in US Kayleigh McEnany: "THERE ARE 10 MILLION TESTS AVAILABLE" #coronavirus  …
Leaders and Best on the frontlines fighting the coronavirus  …
My husband’s best friend invited his cousin & their kids over to his house. Mistake #1. One of the kids sneezed on his 6 year old daughter & she said, “WHAT THE HELL?! YOU TRYNA GIVE ME CORONAVIRUS!?” There are tears falling down my face
New FEC filings indicate Bloomberg spent $900-million+ in attempt to  president This week, we learned he's actually laying off hundreds of staffers, ending their insurance even as the coronavirus pandemic is sweeping the country  …
Nigeria Reports Chloroquine Poisonings as Trump Keeps Pushing Drug Against Coronavirus  …
JUST IN: Germany reports 2,516 new cases of coronavirus and 16 new deaths. A total of 22,364 cases and 84 deaths.
Time is running out to slow the spread of #coronavirus in Canada - we need to bring the hammer down with extreme #SocialDistancing, by @picardonhealth  … via @globeandmail #COVID19 #StayAtHome
The US #FDA announced it has authorized the use of the 1st #rapidtestcovid19 that could detect the novel coronavirus in 45 minutes. The tests will begin shipping next week, according to Cepheid,  manufacturing the tests. 195,000 Americans have been tested as Saturday. 
The former president of Real Madrid, Lorenzo Sanz, has died at the age of 76 after contracting the coronavirus. 
A £350m Welsh 'super hospital' will open a year early to help tackle coronavirus  
55% of Americans approve of Trump's handling of the coronavirus crisis, with a 43% disapproval rate, according to a new ABC News/Ipsos poll 
The White House fast-tracking the #Coronavirus vaccine. 
US FDA approves first rapid coronavirus test with 45 minutes detection time 
Andrew Yang's nonprofit to donate $1 million to families impacted by coronavirus  
We all need to keep an eye on this. This is an extended power reach that we need more info on. DOJ seeks new emergency powers amid coronavirus pandemic  …
But humans have problems...we intentionally create something that's going to kill all and then after we run to God for help...please God forgive us for always be this stupid #coronavirus
If you attend COZA’s service tomorrow and I pray not , you are infected with coronavirus , Biodun will not visit you at the infectious center . Be wise.
Putin offers to send medical personnel & equipment to help Italy contain coronavirus outbreak 
Neo-Nazis on Telegram have been talking about ways to *spread* coronavirus to cause chaos. It's caught the attention of federal law enforcement. @hunterw and @janawinter have the  …
Smh. Public health officials fear that spring- breakers could  super-spreaders of the coronavirus.  …
Raise your hand if you have full confidence in @realDonaldTrump and his administration to defeat the coronavirus.
Coronavirus got mf’s wylin in Seattle 
Nearly 40% of Americans hospitalized for #COVID19 are between ages 20 and 54. #Vaping may be driving the rise in young people hospitalized for #coronavirus.  
Text from a friend whose wife was taken to the doctor with severe coronavirus symptoms. 
Some people  with millions of deaths to keep the economy booming. Others  with even 1, they say, tho that’s virtue signaling. Still others (my position) is that uncontrolled coronavirus pandemic that led to deaths crashes economy anyway.
If the government is seriously talking about obliging ordinary Australians to raid their superannuation to cover loss of  from coronavirus they are kicking their own economic mismanagement of this crisis down the road. It is demented. #insiders #auspol
And the same goes for rural parts of Wales according to doctors who’ve been in touch this weekend expressing alarm at the population movement. #CoronavirusPandemic #coronavirus  …
Worry was that adherence to California's #StayAtHome mandate would erode after a week of bad numbers on #coronavirus infections/fatalities: People feeling their "sacrifice" was in vain rather than realizing the lagged effects Judging from media reports,it's already under pressure
Absolutely disgusting profiteering from coronavirus. How do these people sleep at night? ⁦ @thesundaytimes⁩ front page 
Boris Johnson has warned the coronavirus outbreak is "accelerating", as he urged people not to visit their parents on Mother's Day.  
DOJ Wants to Suspend Constitutional Rights During Coronavirus Emergency  … via @RollingStone
Anyone claiming as an excuse, “How could we have known?” about China downplaying Coronavirus and that would be a global spread is a liar. And a bad one at that. It was widely discussed in both briefings inside US government and in media. 60 other countries knew and prepared.
As Italy’s coronavirus death toll hits truly shocking numbers, Simone Favaro has urged Britain to learn from his country’s experience. The former Glasgow flanker turned policeman is now on the frontline of enforcing the shutdown in Rome.  up in @SundayTimesScot
Puerto Rico Governor To Trump: Don’t Leave Us Out Of Coronavirus Stimulus | 90.7 WMFE Why don’t you get your $hit together as a province and stop being a money suckling weight around our necks Puerto Rico? Like actually do something for yourselves!  …
As #GovernorCuomo has said, “words matter.” #Coronavirus.  …
Within a week, the US will  the epicenter of the coronavirus pandemic because  irresponsible &  federal management. What will & should the world do with such a country? 
Color me confused, but being a self-identified "feminist" now involves blaming and attacking a Black woman senator while her state of 40+ million is on coronavirus lockdown...for the criminal behavior of her white male colleague? I just wanna be clear, Jodi.  …
MSNBC legal analyst claims Trump may have 'criminal exposure' for 'negligent homicide' over coronavirus deaths  …
Coronavirus: Boris Johnson urges adults to stay away from elderly mums on Mother's Day  …
Most recently Dmitriev from RDIF seems to be scheming off coronavirus test kits. This isn't the only case of Putin's cronies profiting off of tragedy. They are doing this with ventilators as well
AC Milan have announced that Paolo Maldini and son Daniel Maldini have both tested positive for the coronavirus. (Source: 
Hopefully this is a game changer and people will soon be able to move on with their lives, FDA Approves Coronavirus Test That Can Provide Results In 45 Minutes Stay Safe America we will get through the Coronavirus #CoronaVirusUpdate #KAG  …
Republican Candidate: Only I can unite the country. Democratic Candidate: No, only I can unite the country. Coronavirus: Hold my beer...
Our elected representatives & media must remain on high alert for power grabs during this nightmare. Counter-messaging to Trump’s propaganda is crucial. They must enlist help from experts who are skilled at counter-propaganda. Why has Trump delayed responding to coronavirus?!  …
The Basilica of St. Anthony of Padua in #Italy remains open, but the  is in quarantine after two friars tested positive for Covid-19 #coronavirus. 
The LA County health system has told its staff that it is essentially abandoning hope of containing the coronavirus outbreak and instructed doctors not to bother testing symptomatic patients if a positive result won’t change how they would be treated.  …
How Daily Life Has Changed In Korea Amid The Coronavirus (COVID-19) Pandemic, As Explained By A Foreigner  …
Dr. Corey Hebert breaks down some facts about coronavirus. 
Here’s where Colorado stands with Coronavirus today. It’s been 16 days since the state’s first case was discovered: 475 positive cases 49 people hospitalized 29 counties reporting cases 4,550 people tested 6 deaths #9News
New guidance out tonight for 1.5 million people in England at highest risk of being hospitalised for coronavirus: stay inside your home for 12 WEEKS, do not go out 
The Government • Two Weeks Ago: The NHS will cope with Coronavirus perfectly fine • Today: Coronavirus is accelerating and could overwhelm the NHS
Argentina attacker Paulo Dybala is now the third player at Juventus to be tested positive for coronavirus. He is currently asymptomatic and is self-isolating at home. (Source: 
Today @RobertJenrick unveiled plans for a new Local Support System in partnership with councils, businesses and voluntary groups to deliver vital groceries and medicines to the most vulnerable people at the highest risk from #coronavirus #covid19  
Cristiano Ronaldo teaches his kids how to #staysafe from coronavirus by washing their hands (: IG/cristiano) 
Nearly 800 people died from Coronavirus in Italy today. 29 days since their 1st death. We are on day 17 with 233 deaths. Italy had 233 on day 15. Not sure people realise how serious this is. WAKE UP UK, time to  before this gets out of hand.
Within the next few weeks, all those people who were drinking in pubs and clubs last night will wake up and realize this isn't a f*cking game. Many thousands of people are going to die. Every one of us will know someone who died from the #Coronavirus. It could even be them!
Richard Epstein questions coronavirus models. Says they: - underestimate the rate of adaptive responses; - assume the death rate for the older population will be same for general population; - assume the virus's potency will remain constant.  …
The UK government has made a direct appeal to shoppers to stop stockpiling food and to think of others as panic-buying continues in response to the coronavirus crisis. @IainDale asks: Has #BeKind now been replaced with 
From Cardinal Raymond Burke on canceling masses over the coronavirus: “We cannot simply accept the determinations of secular governments, which would treat the worship of God in the same manner as going to a restaurant or to an athletic contest.”  …
We LVE Our #NHS ! This is the 5th time our @Khalsa_Aid team provided hot meals for the #NHS heroes at the A&E department of #NorthwickParkHospital since Thursday ! Thx to #KulchaExpress for the delicious food hot. ! ! #coronavirus #Covid_19 
Coronavirus is spreading fear. Morrison could solve this with the stroke of a pen. People trust Bowtell and Swan they are trusted faces. Morrison could step aside and allow these two to be the front men. It's about who you trust and we don't trust Morrison
Small businesses & their employees are the backbone of our economy. But right now they are being devastated by the Coronavirus pandemic. I spoke with Detroit small restaurant owners about their challenges. I’ll be working with them to ensure federal resources are there to help. 
Bringing the boats back home. The last few punts heading upstream to the Mill Pond for dry storage at Scudamore's Boat Yard. Over 120 punts have been taken off the river following the Coronavirus outbreak and for the first time the river will be empty and silent. 
the optics here... “ICE said it requires executives to give  30 days notice before selling or buying shares. In this case, that would have been January 26, two days after Loeffler's Senate briefing on the coronavirus”  … #GASen 
Soon after he offered assurances that the gov was ready to battle the coronavirus, the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Richard Burr ( @SenatorBurr) sold off a significant percentage of his stocks. Sign up:  Read more:  
Gym: Closed because of Coronavirus Me working out at home: 
BREAKING NEWS 30 Day stay at home order for 4 counties in Kansas starts March 24th #coronavirus  …
As you can see from Trumpers and Trump media allies, Trump's push to use prescription drugs based on his "hunch" is Trump's way of distracting from the fact he has still FAILED to provide the test kits needed for the coronavirus, FAILED to get Drs needed supplies and his LIES!
TRACKER: Here's a look at the latest #coronavirus cases in the tri-state area. MORE:  
But wait: Just days ago he was shaking hands with #coronavirus patients. He said we should “take it on the chin” and rely on #herdimmunity His dad & Tim Martin said going to the pub was no problem. He didn’t contradict. He hoped to see his Mum on #mothersday2020  …
Coronavirus is not a game. Please stay at home if you don’t have to go outside. Quarantine is vital because if we all stay at home, the virus just can’t spread. 
Italy deaths jump by almost 800 from coronavirus  
#DWTS champ @NyleDiMarco thinks he came down with #coronavirus -- he's good, on the mend -- but skips test because he thinks someone who's sicker will no doubt need it. Details here:  …
Massachusetts is promoting abortion by exempting the procedure from the elective surgery ban during the coronavirus outbreak. 
Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart speaks out after testing positive for the coronavirus: The symptoms "pretty much hit me like a ton of bricks." He talks to our @jdbalart, his brother, in his first on-camera interview. Watch tonight on 
Majority of Britons support extending Brexit transition period amid coronavirus outbreak, new poll shows. Yes that what ⁦ @Anna_Soubry⁩, ⁦ @ChukaUmunna⁩ , ⁦ @joswinson⁩ and the rest who lost #GE19 claimed. Majority of the country moved  …
Bozo will never walk down the street again without hearing the cries of 'murderer' for his handling of the Coronavirus crisis.
"Former Real Madrid president Lorenzo Sanz died on Saturday after being hospitalised with coronavirus. Sanz, 76, was president at the Bernabeu from 1995-2000." - BBC
4 Bayern players have donated €3.5 million to help fighting against Coronavirus: - Lewandowski (€1m) - Goretzka (€1m) - Kimmich (€1m) - Leroy Sane (€500,000) #WeKickCorona
“Nze eno ensi tenemazamu” Same man goes abroad during a Coronavirus world crisis to get a few dollars.
I'm done beautiful people that live in my phone Have an awesome night... Anyone need a laugh?? Here #SelishWankers Think of others instead of being greedy. #Truth #panicbuyers #COVID19 #CoronaVirus 
The team in @uncchildrens OR reminding us that #socialdistancing right now keeps everyone safe, including the brave members of our frontline medical staff. #COVID19 #coronavirus #UNC 
Look at her. Listen to her. She is on the #NHS front line, trying to save lives. Help her. #StayHomeSaveLives #coronavirus  …
In January, China had only 500 Coronavirus cases and and 9 deaths. The US had one reported case. Trump in Davos claimed that they had everything under control. Today the US has over 22,000 cases and 285 deaths and Trump claims China didn’t inform them about Coronavirus.
FFS... anyone considering “escaping” coronavirus on Scottish islands should stop and look at their right hand. You have more fingers there than there are ventilators in the Outer Hebrides. You’re not going to outrun this thing, neither are islands immune  …
BREAKING: 269 new coronavirus cases have been confirmed in Washington, bringing total cases to 1,793, including 94 deaths, the state Department of Health says. Follow our live coronavirus updates: 
Thank you to those returning to the NHS, and for the heroic effort from all those working so hard in our national effort to tackle #coronavirus
'Not Done Yet': ⁦ @BernieSanders⁩ Campaign Mobilizes Donors for #Coronavirus Relief and Raises $2 Million | ⁦ @commondreams⁩ News We are doing the people’s  …
Could Miracle Plant Kratom Prevent and Treat the Coronavirus? Could this be why the FDA has fought so hard to keep Kratom out of the hands of Americans? #COVIDー19 #CoronavirusPandemic @KenningtonPress @realDonaldTrump  …
Listen up... #coronavirus the U.K. food manufacturers can crank up production to supply all of the U.K. with enough food even if our staffing levels are depleted by 30 or 40%. I know because as  we supply all the major supermarkets STOP PANIC BUYING. Ieuan PLEASE RT
39-year-old woman found dead in her kitchen — her coronavirus test from four days earlier still had  back  …
French press reporting that Emmanuel Macron phoned Boris Johnson on Friday and said France would have to shut its borders to the UK if it didn’t introduce proper measures to fight coronavirus  …
Watching Insiders...Can’t believe it’s only a week since Greg Hunt had a crack at me on the show for advocating the need for an abundance of caution dealing with coronavirus...
There is a massive oil war between Saudi Arabia & Russia. The media  focused on coronavirus so the oil war hasn't gotten much attention. But, the oil war directs impacts the United States! Time for a thread on Petrodollars 
Four Burkina Faso ministers have #coronavirus as cases rise to 64. Angola, and now Uganda, have also reported their first #Covid19 cases as the number of African countries still untouched by the virus continues to fall.
Another poll showing a majority approving of the president’s handling of Coronavirus response, w/Morning Consult showing a 10-point jump in one week. 53% approve, 39% disapprove. “Rise was largely fueled by 8-point increases among Democrats & independents”  …
Emir of Daura gathered over 5K people & prayed against Coronavirus. Even in your President’s home home. Garba Shehu organized a seminar despite tweeting Coronavirus ban. COZA wan do service tomorrow but una wan choke am? Just Outrage against who will dislike. Nonsense
Our coronavirus wedding best man speech! ‘...like a virus, he was persistent, he was annoying, he wouldn’t go away, but in the end, until we find a vaccine, we just have to accept that he’s gonna be around for a while...’ - John, my cousin & a long time friend of my husband! 
I’m sure @hodgmahal Doc is working hard on a Covid-19 vaccine or having a really cool time trying. Meanwhile why not binge all 5 seasons of @znation, arguably the best of all the apocalypses. This Coronavirus one doesn’t even have zombies. Lame. @craigengler 
Everyone Hits So Cal Beaches During Coronavirus Lockdown 
senate democrats (Warren, Brown, Durbin) are pushing Congressional negotiators to cancel student loan payments + student debt as part of the coronavirus response pkg. Sanders, Duckworth, Harris, Booker, Menendez and others are also part of this effort.  …
Bernie is showing us what he's capable of! He's BEEN showing us! He just raised $2 million for coronavirus relief funds in 48 hours because of his supporters. This is what we believe in, care about, and why we think he would make a good president.  …
Full story now: Army employee fired for offensive #coronavirus post on Instagram  …
As the news of the coronavirus crisis rolls in at the most rapid pace, we're all grasping for ways to curb our anxiety and break away from the gloomy world forecast. 
. @Google has once again unveiled fresh #COVID19 content for its users. Check out this new dedicated page with: -Health information -Safety & prevention tips -Data & insights -Resources to help -Support relief efforts  Together, against the #coronavirus!
all the high schools cancelling prom because of the coronavirus 
This fool #Trump is using news entertainment media to turn #Coronavirus pandemic into a personal daily reality show. His insane banter would be  if what people face wasn’t deadly serious. His straight man Pence is absurd, his contorting podium hostages tragic.
Help stop the #coronavirus! Follow these four simple tips every day to protect yourself and others from #COVID19. #HumanPup #PuppyPlay #healthylifestyle @MrSLeather #Puppy 
Lombardy region announces stricter coronavirus measures 
Meanwhile, also amidst the global coronavirus crisis, the US is dropping bombs on Iraqis, sanctioning suffering Iranians, sponsoring terrorists in Syria, supporting the persecution of Palestinians, and backing genocide in Yemen.  …
3 weeks ago, the coked-up cockalorum called coronavirus a hoax at his campaign rally.
We’ve taken the decision to close our parks and gardens to restrict the spread of coronavirus. Our countryside and coastal locations remain open with parking charges waived, but we encourage people to stay local and observe social distancing. 
03/15, Biden was on the televised #DemDebate. 03/17, Primaries for FL, IL, AZ; Biden won them all. He gave a televised speech. 03/20, Biden held a Press conference with scientists on the coronavirus. People are dying. This isn't the time for your disinfo. Delete & apologize.  …
Israeli Pharmaceutical Company Donates 6 Million Doses of Chloroquine to US to treat Coronavirus  … via @getongab
Bernie's not handling Coronavirus or the collapse of his campaign very well  …
Here's how Trump talks about the  to Bernie Sanders and Joe Biden 
And finally tonight, here's some daffodils I shot yesterday which i hope brightens things just a little. Things may be grim but nature is waking up so go out and enjoy. stay safe all #weekend #weekendvibes #spring #coronavirus 
DOJ Wants to Suspend Constitutional Rights During Coronavirus Emergency  … via @RollingStone
Stop the Coronavirus Corporate Coup  …
President Trump on China: "I wish they'd told us earlier" about the coronavirus  
Here is problem up close. Jones likening coronavirus to global warming, which he has shrilly derided as an "alarmist hoax" for decades, directly affects behaviours - placing them, & all of us, at greater risk. It is moral equivalent of telling drink-drivers, "No worries, drive!"  …
The U.S. had conducted over 150,000 coronavirus tests as of Saturday morning. It's still far behind other countries that have been testing more aggressively, like South Korea — which had tested over 300,000 people as of Thursday. 
If you have any questions about the federal response to #COVID19 please ask below. I’ll be sure to add the  questions to our Coronavirus Resource page.  …
Amid global shortages of ventilators due to the rapid spread of coronavirus, governments are turning to the military, other manufacturers and even 3D printing in the hopes of ramping up production 
OBVIOUSLY Chinese Americans are not to blame for the CHINESE CoronaVirus. It's the CHINESE government that is responsible for LYING to the  about the pandemic at the early stages. Fake News needs to STOP pretending this is about race, report the truth!
8 ways to help your fellow San Antonians during coronavirus pandemic  …
Rihanna has offered to pay for all the ventilator machines that will be used to treat Coronavirus patients in her home country of Barbados. May God bless us to a point that at times of a global crisis, we would have enough to help the weakest in our society. Nice one, RiRi.
Wow. The rapcious thievery of @Airbnb is truly astounding. My nephew's graduation from Penn was canceled due to the global coronavirus pandemic. AirBnB told my sister that she cannot get any money back because her cancellation "outside AirBnB's extenuating circumstances policy."
NEW: PM warns that numbers of Coronavirus in UK stark and accelerating "We are only a matter of weeks - two or three - behind Italy.... Unless we act together.. - then it is all too likely that our own NHS will be similarly overwhelmed."
 … EXCLUSIVE: Sadiq Khan LIED About Tube Coronavirus Cleaning, Putting Londoners AT RISK claims TFL insider Truth  out but WHY would you lie about such an important matter? Sadist Khan. Should be sacked now. Unfit for office.
"Bill giving Johnson far-reaching powers to be'nodded through'not voted on"-what new hell is this? The cross-party motion will probably be voted on. If Johnson thinks he can get coronavirus done in 12 weeks,why does he want emergency powers for 2 years?  …
Bombshell accusations say the WHO ignored key coronavirus warning, relied on Chinese propaganda 
Biden and other #Dems say @realDonaldTrump referred to #Coronavirus as a “hoax” But Wash Post fact check says “Trump is criticizing Democratic talking points and the media’s coverage of his administration’s response to Coronavirus. He never says that the virus itself is a hoax.”
Trump acknowledges the coronavirus is hurting his family business  …
MAISTROS: We Need A Coronavirus Stimulus That Untethers Us From China’s Murderous, Lying Despots  …
Coronavirus claims another victim RIP
Delivery workers are some of the most vulnerable in Spain's #coronavirus lockdown. But they can't afford to stop working 
Diarrhea and other digestive symptoms are the  in nearly half of coronavirus patients, Chinese researchers report.  
Jared Kushner in charge of coronavirus response would "be like putting your gardener in charge of oral surgery," says @JakeSherman. "But I don’t think he’s taking the role on Capitol Hill that he has taken in previous debates," Sherman says. Watch more:  
An adult in a dinosaur suit. Musical balconies. Cleaner city centres. #Coronavirus quarantine and lockdowns - the new normal. 
The FDA has approved the first rapid coronavirus diagnostic test with a detection time of about 45 minutes  behind it plans to begin shipping it to hospitals next week
Before we go in, we have to put on protective equipment like the picture; one crew have had theee calls like that today alone, that’s six sets of PPE wasted. We all need to pull together at the moment; please use the 999 system wisely. Thank you. #coronavirus 2/2 
Boris Johnson warns sons and daughters not to visit their mums on Mother’s Day because of the coronavirus pandemic Coming from the very Prime Minister who wanted 60% of Britain to get coronavirus as part of the so-called ‘herd immunity’ - a policy that was in place for 10 days 
Update No. 3: Measures taken  spread of Coronavirus. #PresidentAkufoAddoSpeaksOnCoronavirus #COVID19 
Italian government has made a call on duty to all retired or formers doctors and nurses to help, as they needed 300 units asap in their fight against #coronavirus . 300. 7000 doctors and nurses have volunteered. My little big Italy.
JUST IN: New York Times journalist, who reported from a coronavirus hotspot, tested positive for coronavirus.
Coronavirus: how Asian countries acted while the west dithered  …
Here’s a plea from our frontline crews: “Please stop calling 999 for a ‘check over’ to see if you have coronavirus.” That’s not what people are saying when they call 999 but it’s what they’re saying when we get there. 1/2 
Former Real Madrid president, Lorenzo Sanz dies affected by coronavirus. Lorenzo Sanz helped Real Madrid lift the Champions League in 1998 and 2000. RIP 
NEW by @SydneyLWatson: Woke writers are suffering from Coronavirus Derangement Syndrome  …
The University of Miami notified students and staff of its first confirmed case of COVID-19, the respiratory illness caused by the novel coronavirus. 
See how the coronavirus has left U.S. cities eerily deserted:  
Massive edition of #Outsiders next on @SkyNewsAust So much to discuss including the @WHO’s  throughout this crisis. Plus the latest on the coronavirus response both locally & internationally.  …
Once more the French  about the “benign neglect” Coronavirus policy of the British govt. Once more threatens to close french border with the UK unless the UK govt addresses the Coronavirus problem seriously.  …
Please, everyone take care of yourselves and your loved ones. Coronavirus infects 7 family members and kills 3 after they met for dinner  … via @MetroUK
'A slow burn': Coronavirus symptoms often linger before worsening  …
BREAKING: Dozens of #Maui medical professionals urge state and county officials to order immediate #Hawaii lockdown:  #hinews #coronavirus 
Ok I wrote up the list of lobbyist asks for corporate hand-outs in the coronavirus package. And a way to stop it. We need a new Skeptic's Caucus, from the right and the left. Bail out the public, not big business executives.  …
NEW: Donald Trump used today’s press conference to again try to evade responsibility for his negligent, late, disjointed and ineffective response to the coronavirus. Statement from @KBeds on the president trying to rewrite history and mislead Americans about his 
europeans going on seven vacations with the coronavirus 
NEVER FORGET: Democrats Turned House Intel Committee Into Impeachment Headquarters as Lawmakers Were Warned About the Coronavirus  …
Has anyone thought this out? Lock your doors Lehigh &Northampton counties - inmates from prisons amid the coronavirus threat are being released  …
Boris Johnson is indeed a far more dangerous and utterly deadly virus, than the Coronavirus WILL EVER BE
This is a very informative and thought-provoking history about the evolution of the Coronavirus pandemic in public consciousness presented by Dr. Wolfgang Wodarg, a german physician and Health Policy Adviser   …
Ireland reports 102 new cases of coronavirus, total now 785  
‘I’m definitely going to get it. We all are,’ N.J.’s top health official says as she leads the state’s coronavirus war  …
Just got off the phone with Mayor @kriseman to talk about ways we can work regionally to help #FlattenTheCurve and stop the spread of #Coronavirus. 
Good morning! I am helming @GuardianAus's live coverage of the coronavirus outbreak today. We're standing by for the second stimulus package. Please send me your tips/thoughts/reflections, and remember not to touch your face.  … #covid19 #covid19aus
Annual flu shots in the elderly produced original antigenic sin that dramatically increased their odds of contracting & dying from coronavirus. Annual coronavirus shots would likely produce catastrophic levels of disease & death (b/c it mutates so fast).  …
The Costume Designers Guild is sewing masks for health care facilities. The initiative addresses the enormous shortage of protective gear that doctors and nurses rely upon as they treat individuals with coronavirus symptoms.  …
Coronavirus is just the first of many pandemics  environmentalists warn  …
#Presidementia — Trump is impaired, ignored Intel reports going back to January warning of coronavirus threat  …
One Coronavirus patient in the US said at a point, the doctors just looked at him and said “you just have to pray. it’s your body doing the fighting now, there is no vaccine. Just pray” With all their sophisticated stuff and healthcare they’re advising victims to pray
U.S. pro games missed so far because of the coronavirus: 332. NBA: 75 (including two on March 10) NHL: 81 MLB spring training: 154 MLS: 22 
I didn't know that Maori were genetically worse off than the rest of us in the Coronavirus pandemic? Total BS!  …
Fear is more contagious than the coronavirus. Keep your thoughts clean, sanitize your energy field, stay away from toxicity, move closer to love and distance away from worry, fear and separation mindset.
Pittsburgh Mercy urgently needs surgical masks, N-95 respirators, plastic goggles, thermometers, other Personal Protective Equipment (PPE). Dr. Denise Kohl, #OperationSafetyNet, tests #homeless patients. Donations: Development@pittsburghmercy.org. #COVID-19 #coronavirus 
My mom is apparently the coronavirus expert . Anybody else’s mom on the same wave ?
The Ind Star,USA Today and NYTimes have down AMAZING jobs,on covering this Coronavirus . I salute the courage/excellence ‘in word’ that they have produced on line/in print(the way I like my news still).I salute the many (TV)others,that help give us News,Sports,Weather,Etc.
Prayers for protection from #coronavirus #Islam #dua #ProphetMuhammad #ﷺ 
If you ate that street burger in Kabul & didn’t get sick you’re immune to coronavirus
Abortion has literally ended 10,000 times more human lives than Coronavirus though.  
#KCMO Mayor @MayorLucasKC – in consultation with @KCMOHealthDept Director Dr. Rex Archer & Emergency Medical Services Medical Director Dr. Erica Carney – today issued a “Stay at Home” Order. (Cont.)  #StayHomeKC #Covid19 #coronavirus 
Commissioner @OmariJHardy was calling out City Manager Michael Bornstein and Mayor Pam Triolo for shutting off people's power during the coronavirus crisis this week. Then this happened....
The only person on the White House pandemic team that should be allowed to speak on live tv is Dr. Fauci Everyone else just lies nonstop. #coronavirus
39-year-old FOUND DEAD in her kitchen — her coronavirus test from four days earlier still had  back “On March 10, Natasha Ott, 39, felt the beginnings of a  on. She had a slight fever,” She was told she was ‘Low Risk’  …
Ex-Sheriff David  missed the #FoxNews 180 degree policy shift & urged his 900,000 Twitter followers to "take to the streets" in defiance of efforts to contain the #CoronaVirus #pandemic So much for #SocialDistancing 
Health officials in New York, California and other hard-hit parts of the country are restricting coronavirus testing to health care workers and people who are hospitalized, saying the battle to contain the virus is lost  …
Everything the Democrats do has ‘disastrous’ written all over it. Even during trying times like we’re in Trump has his foot on the jugular. Choke. HuffPo Reporter: The Democrats' Response to the Wuhan Coronavirus Outbreak Has Been Disastrous  …
Israel's first #coronavirus fatality: Aryeh Even. Aryeh Even, 88, was a #Holocaust survivor. He was born in Hungary and made his Aliyah to #Israel in 1949. He had 4 children, 18 grandchildren, and a great-grandchild. May his memory be a 
All passengers who were on board with the new Ug Coronavirus patient have been traced and the ministry is in possession of their passports. So, calm down and just follow the Ministry's preventive measures. #COVID19UG #Covid_19
3 things I have learned about the Coronavirus crisis. 1. Hospitals are not the frontline in this war. You are. The NHS treat the fallen. 2. The virus doesn’t spread. You spread it. 3. There is no medical solution yet (& maybe ever). You are the solution. Stay home + stay safe 
This is the tiny Greek island Karpathos, it has only 6000 inhabitants. Yesterday, a local was diagnosted with Coronavirus, she had contact with a person travelling from Athens. Stay home and don't travel around you pieces of shit!!!! 
This is a great video to pass onto people who are “waking up.” Lots of up to date events. If you share it, share w/ someone who has an open mind. He does talk about Andrenochrome/White Rabbit & Coronavirus Witch Hunt: The Storm is Upon Us  via @YouTube
Satellite imagery shows dramatic reduction in air pollution over China since the novel coronavirus outbreak, as people remained largely isolated and out of public spaces.  
Kentucky congressman James Comer traded stocks ahead of coronavirus market plunge  …
#BREAKING- Barbados confirms 8 new coronavirus cases; Barbados now has 14 confirmed cases of the coronavirus. 
Why are the rich and famous getting coronavirus tests while we aren't? WELL, BECAUSE THE RICH ARE LIKE FAT NIXON: THEY DONT GIVE A DAMN ABOUT ANYONE EXCEPT THEMSELVES  …
The U.S. military said it is preparing plans to take over hotels and other buildings if necessary to add to the nation’s supply of hospital rooms as part of its response to the coronavirus emergency #CoronaCrisis
The #Coronavirus will be the scapegoat. The U.S. economy was headed for a crash anyway due to the reckless and  monetary and fiscal policies of the past. Now the Coronavirus will be the excuse to more aggressively pursue those same failed policies in the future.
Actress @debimazar tested positive for #coronavirus. When she initially tried to get tested after feeling symptoms, she didn’t “fit the criteria.” Then she went to Urgent Care. She tested negative for the flu. Finally they tested her for #Covid_19. 5 days later she heard 
Coronavirus cases, worldwide. January 21st: 314 February, 21st: 76,600 March, 21st: 304,980 #COVID19
Coronavirus by the numbers #KAG #Trump2020 #Tcot #Ccot #Wattersworld #CoronavirusPandemic #COVIDー19 #CNNSOTU 
Hand washing can help prevent the spread of the #coronavirus & shows the need for access to clean water. Yet 3 billion lack basic hand washing facilities. Countries must step up efforts to provide safe water & sanitation to achieve the #GlobalGoals by 
I’m fed up with celebrities who  about being stuck inside their multi-million dollar homes that have “nothing to do.” #coronavirus
So help make sure your family & friends understand why masks aren’t  for everyday use by the avg person, outside of medical settings. There are exceptions, of course — e.g., severely  persons — but that’s true all the time, not just b/c of #coronavirus
Four Members Of A New Jersey Family Die Of Coronavirus. More Family Members Battling Illness. - Sara A. Carter Pray for this family  …
Advice is not working. We need enforced lockdowns, as in Italy and France, to reduce the spread of coronavirus. Inaction is costing lives.  …
Why is Trump having daily press briefings?? To politicize a false narrative & cover up his inept response to the #Coronavirus pandemic, while surrounded by his ego-feeding toadies. #TeamJoe 
The senator  to do the right thing and make sick leave easily accessible during the coronavirus emergency. 
A coronavirus vaccine is  Like flu & HIV, corona mutates too fast so it is almost impossible to make a dead virus vaccine that works. DNA/RNA vaccines are a fantasy. The potential for cancer, autoimmune disorders, & death from hijacking your cells is damn near 100%.
FDA approves new test that can detect coronavirus in 45 minutes:  …
Richard Burr and Kelly Loeffler knew the danger the coronavirus posed. They could have warned the public. Instead, they sold their stocks before the market declined, says 
My fucking dad just asked me if I’m gonna beat Fallout New Vegas with the coronavirus. MY FUCKING DAD JUST ASKED ME THAT.
This was March 8th. Where did they find him? US surgeon general says he thinks coronavirus is contained in certain areas of the country  …
Team at @Carbon is scrambling to help out with #coronavirus response. First example is a face shield for PPE. We will be pushing these designs out to our global network & to open sources once finalized. We’ll have a mechanism in place soon to help people get access to these. 
If you are selling sanitizer or any disinfectant or anything that you believe can help prevent the coronavirus at AFFORDABLE PRICES  here with your details so i share to a larger audience for you. We are in this together
Starbucks stores are closing due to the Coronavirus. And people are calling in saying they're "pathetic", and it's an "essential service for first responders". You don't need a venti caramel double drizzle white bean frappuccino with foam to survive you fvcking entitled dipshit.
Where have all the Gammon gone? Long time passing Where have all the Gammon gone? Long time ago Where have all the Gammon gone? Corona victims, every one When will they ever learn? When will they ever learn?  … #coronavirus
Sacramento Bee: Immigrant farmworkers feed us despite the #coronavirus pandemic. They deserve better #COVID_19  …
newly identified Coronavirus Personality Type - the person who makes it very clear via a 350 word whatsapp message that they think they're going to find this more difficult than anyone else, then tries to rectify it with the sign-off: "but we're all in the same boat xxxxxxxx"
Britain's coronavirus death toll is exactly same as Italy's two weeks ago today  
What people must realize is that Coronavirus DOES embed itself into the central nervous system, & attacks ACE2 receptors in the brain, among other tissues. Even with Hydroxychloroquine & Azithromycin treatment that result in negative test results, it’s likely you will...
Former Real Madrid president Lorenzo Sanz dies of coronavirus  …
Vulnerable teens at NYC’s detention centers should be released to protect them and staffers from coronavirus, juvenile justice advocates say. Meanwhile, three staffers who work detained youths tested positive for COVID-19. 
Political Correctness (liberalism) is responsible for killing thousands in Italy ———————————— Italian Virologist: Fear of Being Falsely Called Racist Led to Italy’s Wuhan Coronavirus Crisis  …
Is there a coronavirus peace dividend for Israelis and Palestinians?  via @AlMonitor
Many @WHO colleagues have had field experience as #healthworkers. They work hard to craft technical guidance for health workers and facilities to ensure the safety of professionals and patients alike.  #COVID19 #coronavirus
#HealthWorkers can get sick when they lack protective equipment. @WHO is encouraging partners to boost global supplies of essential items. But each of us must maximize efforts to stay safe from the #coronavirus. By protecting ourselves, we are also protecting them.
#HealthWorkers are at higher risk of #COVID19. They are doing their jobs, despite the jeopardy, stress & fatigue. We ask that you do yours: Follow the advice of national authorities and @WHO. #StayHome when asked, clean hands, cover coughs, physical distance. #coronavirus
CORONAVIRUS: I remain confident that together and by the grace of God we shall  This too will pass. May God bless our homeland, Ghana and make us great and strong - President Akufo-Addo. #JoyNews #CORONAVIRUS #COVID19Ghana #CoronaCrisis
. @DoctorJanette: Whos paying you to cause anxiety over the #coronavirus? Just heard you on #FoxNews talking about MILLIONS of people on #respirators - Not even uber-alarmist #Fauci is suggesting such a possibility Act responsibly: no more #MedicalPanic. You are the real 
2005 US NIH Study Found Chloroquine Was Effective in Treating Coronavirus In Primates — Why Was This Ignored? via  …
White supremacists discussed plans to weaponize coronavirus via “saliva," a “spray bottle” or “laced items,” according to a weekly intelligence brief distributed by a federal law enforcement division.  …
As Nana Addo declared say the borders should be closed norr the coronavirus cases have increased ei The cases have increased from 19 to 21 The thing de3 it has spread so let’s deal with the ones here. Those outside should keep theirs there e naa that
Sadly it’s still only @sainsburys who are recognising the critical role of #socialcare staff alongside #nhsworkers in the battle against #coronavirus - why won’t you prioritise? @asda @Tesco @Morrisons @LidlGB @AldiUK - it is not much to ask for people who give their all.
FDA approves first rapid coronavirus test with 45 minutes detection... 
Don’t have a car for drive-thru Coronavirus testing? Korea’s got phonebooth testing. IMO this is so damn smart. Why? Nobody uses phonebooth anymore. Korea’s got 95% mobile penetration. So Korea makes phonebooth into something more useful.  …
I’ve started to track cases of #Covid_19 in countries; as suggested to me by a doctor, for a more accurate picture, it begins on the day each country recorded their 100th #coronavirus case (day 1) Here is what Italy, the USA and Canada looks like: 
North Korea says President Trump sent Kim Jong Un a letter in which Trump said he was impressed by the North Korean leader's ability to defend his people from the coronavirus outbreak.  …
watching other countries handle the coronavirus threat  and humanity 
NEVER FORGET: Democrats Turned House Intel Committee Into Impeachment Headquarters as Lawmakers Were Warned About the Coronavirus via  …
Coronavirus cases in Yorkshire and Lincolnshire - 21 March. Sheffield - 61 Leeds - 20 North Yorkshire - 16 East Yorkshire - 15 Bradford - 10 Lincolnshire - 9 York - 8 Kirklees - 8 Wakefield -8 Barnsley -7 Rotherham - 6 Doncaster - 5 Calderdale - 5 North Lincolnshire - 2 Hull - 1
Is it just me? I saw a tweet about ‘Essendon's close shave against Fremantle’ and thought who gives a F. The coronavirus death toll and the jobless/cash crisis makes it so irrelevant.
It’s crazy. I bought this the day after Kobe Bryant’s passing and never even noticed the side story about the Coronavirus. We had several warnings. 
Day 04 - cat? I’m a kitty cat. #coronavirus #comic  
The Scottish Government has criticised the 'irresponsible behaviour' of those travelling to the Highlands in a bid to isolate from coronavirus.  …
. @SenSchumer please expand the #Medicare Home Infusion benefit to allow #highriskcovid19 patients to remain in their homes and receive necessary medications while the emergency #COVIDー19 declaration is in effect:  … #coronavirus
Oncologists Delay Surgeries Amid Coronavirus Outbreak  … 
CORONAVIRUS: I'm determined to take whatever steps are necessary to safeguard our society, economy and our future - President Akufo-Addo. #JoyNews #CORONAVIRUS #COVID19Ghana #CoronaCrisis
Today’s Forecast: ” GOD reigns, & The Son still shines.” Cast your burden upon The LORD and He will sustain you; He will never allow the righteous to be shaken. Psalm 55:22 There is HOPE in #JESUS #QuaratineLife #Covid_19 #lovethyneighbor #coronavirus 
CORONAVIRUS is telling the world that no single individual or nation is superpower. The only Superpower is Almighty Allah..
NEW from ⁦ @AlfredFMiller⁩ and ⁦ @phillipmbailey⁩: ⁦@KYComer⁩ traded stocks ahead of coronavirus market plunge Guess what he added to his portfolio? ⁦  …
The Lagos State Government has reiterated its call on residents to adhere to the precautions outlined by Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu during his address to update the public about steps taken to prevent further spread of the Coronavirus disease @jidesanwoolu #LASG 
Gov. Beshear has received a lot of praise for his handling of the state's response to coronavirus, but is his best move yet the interruption of the local broadcast of the 1992 Kentucky-Duke game? Nobody here needs that right now.
CARDI SPEAKING NOTHING BUTS FACTS about #CoronaVirus 
Concern is growing in Scotland’s  about the number of people heading to the islands to escape #Coronavirus. This from Castlebay & Vatersay Community Council. Message from the people of Barra is STAY AWAY 
BREAKING: Confirmed #Coronavirus cases Worldwide cross 300,000 From 200,000 to 300,000 in just 4 days.
Coronavirus Updates with Stefan Molyneux! CONTROL! Strong coronavirus measures today should only last a few weeks, there shouldn’t be a big peak of infections afterwards... saving MILLIONS of lives along the way!  …
Be forewarned: When this is all over and #COVIDー19 #coronavirus is behind us, I’m hugging everyone I meet. I don’t care who you are. I’ll be walking down the street stopping every few feet hugging strangers. Never take it for granted again. #arpx
They voted against the Coronavirus package. 
Trump acknowledges coronavirus is hurting his family business  …
. @RAICESTEXAS is calling for ICE to release detainees due to coronavirus concerns. Attorneys & medical experts who've visited the facilities have referred to them as "tinderboxes for infectious-disease outbreaks." Learn more in my latest for 
“Coronavirus forces Putin critics to scale back protests before big vote” on amendment that will allow Putin to run again for president in 2024. 3/  …
Seeing reports that the Chinese curve has started flattening because they have *stopped* testing for #Coronavirus .... There is acting in bad faith and then there is acting to the detriment of us all.  …
Demand for robots is increasing amid the #coronavirus outbreak as a method to deliver groceries and dispense hand sanitizer, according to Beijing-based ZhenRobotics 
San Deigo Right Now... Tanks have arrived in #SanDiego...Still No Masks, Still No Ventilators, but billions of dollars in military hardware. We need to get our priorities straight! While we still can. #CoronaVirusUpdate #CoronaVirus 
The fact that there are MAGAts who arrogantly defend IMPOTUS— even after his disastrous mishandling of the coronavirus has turned into the worst malfeasance in the history of the American presidency— has made me think of any Trump supporter as a life form far less than human. 
$34,927.43. That is the medical bill an uninsured patient got for being tested and treated for the coronavirus. This is not the time for obscene profits or price-gouging. Right now we must make health care free—including for the 30 million uninsured.  …
FYI, here are all my #coronavirus tweets from 2013. To say we didn't know about this is a bald face lie @realDonaldTrump This and other viruses is why I've screamed about public health  health for a decade 
really worried for the American people because if #coronavirus can only be slowed by a fast, effective Government lockdown and a quality health system... they have neither we at least have the NHS 
Let’s celebrate this war veteran’s special day #coronavirus 
In a year-long drought during Umar ibn al Khattab's khilafah, he called out: 'O people ask forgiveness of your Lord. Then repent to Him and ask for some of His bounty..' We are today no less in need of this advice. #coronavirus
Wow... Mike Pompeo wants to use the #coronavirus as an opportunity to drop bombs on #Iran — a country that is already being strangled with immoral US sanctions which are crippling its ability to fight this pandemic. Absolutely  …
You want to know what may happen in the US while we literally fight for our lives against the coronavirus? Take a look at what Trump’s pals, Netanyahu and Putin, are up to. #powergrab  …
BREAKING NEWS: Popular football star, Paolo Maldini and son test positive for Coronavirus. Popular footballer Paolo Dybala also test positive for Coronavirus. This is not a joke.
“THE European Union faces being killed off by eurosceptics if the bloc fails to convince citizens it can respond to the coronavirus crisis, the Italian prime minister has warned”  …
It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out Donald Trump has been absolutely horrible at the podium for the daily #coronavirus briefings. The lack of preparation, empathy, & intelligence further demonstrates why Republicans are terrified of Joe Biden. #Biden2020
Lockdowns begin across Africa as coronavirus cases rise above 1,000 with 41 of the continent's 54 countries now affected 
Good news - The @FDA just authorized the first rapid, 'point of care' #coronavirus test, which is capable of providing results in roughly 45 mins.  …
If you can pay dividends to shareholders, you don't need a bail out. FFS. Coronavirus isn't an excuse for a free lunch.  …
Colleagues from Harvard, Warwick, Cambridge and other universities want to understand how people cope with coronavirus. I just did the survey myself and it took me less than 10 minutes. It is available in many languages. 
Uganda Registers First Case of Coronavirus  …
YOU CAN HELP! *PLEASE SHARE* Healthcare workers are short on personal protective equipment (PPE) in the fight against #COVID19 ( #coronavirus). @HopkinsMedicine volunteers are making personal PPE packs. See how it works... #Covid_19 #COVID2019 #COVID19US 
Just heard the wife cough. I locked her in the bathroom with the celebrity edition of Imagine on 24 hour repeat. She’s begging for mercy but this cure for coronavirus must be tested.
And yet just a couple of weeks ago he was bragging about shaking the hands of *coronavirus patients* in hospital. FFS.  …
UPDATE: Arkansas CoronaVirus Cases now at 118.
Advice from @StationCDRKelly who spent nearly a year "quarantined" on ISS: "Seen from space, the Earth has no borders. The spread of the coronavirus is showing us that what we share is much more powerful than what keeps us apart, for better or for worse." 
Construction on SoFi stadium in Inglewood is continuing because the work is exempt from Gov. Gavin Newsom’s order that all Californians stay at home to prevent the spread of the coronavirus, officials said  …
Why does Russia, population 144 million, have fewer coronavirus cases than Luxembourg?  …
Coronavirus: how Asian countries acted while the west dithered. So many lessons that could have been learned. I hope countries that aren't yet where we are will not make the same mistakes. Never has it been more important to work together as one world.  …
The US coronavirus response: An F for failure? 
Italy records nearly 800 #coronavirus deaths in a single day. We are about 11 days behind them and they have a better health care system. We need all hands on deck asap. Shut it all down. Flatten the curve.
When the dust settles, we need to sanction China for failing to truthfully disclose the coronavirus when it first occurred many months ago. We need to return all outsourced manufacturing to the US and at the same time, make China forgive all US debt. We hold the cards now.
#UPDATE France is calling up helicopters and drones to boost the government's attempts to keep people in their homes, police officials said. The coronavirus epidemic has seen more than 14,000 infected in France, and 562 deaths  
WORLD #LockDown Because 300K People have a Cold Thats 3 Sports Stadiums worth of Sickies 13,000 Deaths #CoronaVirus Thats 1 Sports Arena not even Full Global Pandemic Exercise is a SIMULATION #Event201 Real Cost is the Population = Now POOR & 
"Manana" Mitch calls it a day early. Whew! I'm beat". Senate adjourns with plans to meet again Sunday on coronavirus stimulus package  … via @CBSPolitics
Joining @RichardLui on @MSNBC at 6:15 p.m. ET to discuss the #coronavirus response and the need to focus economic relief on workers and small businesses. Two stats: 40% of Americans  up with $400 in an emergency. The median restaurant has only 16 days of cash buffer.  …
Climate change sucked up all the oxygen in the room when it came to a global crisis We gambled on the wrong threat, says @sunlorrie  … #CoronaVirus #cdnpoli
NYT reporter tests positive for COVID-19 after covering New Rochelle coronavirus outbreak  …
9) " If  the same negligence, our situation could be worse. May the Almighty Allah protect us all. Whether coronavirus is man-made disease or not, it is indeed a real virus today.
CORONAVIRUS DISEASE ( #COVID19UG) CASE CONFIRMED Kampala, 21 March 2020:– The @MinofHealthUG would like to inform the general public that Uganda has confirmed her 1st case of Coronavirus Disease ( #COVIDー19). Details 
Wabula Kenzo flue abroad to perform amidst this Coronavirus pandemic,now he will start crying "Gavumenti weyayu"
Ghana has now recorded 21 cases of Coronavirus and 1 confirmed dead ,this is getting serious ... Please be safe hmmm
Trump acknowledges coronavirus is hurting his family business . . . so what! . . .  …
Some predict that the aftermath of coronavirus will be a new political uprising, an Occupy 2.0 but bigger and angrier. Let’s prove them right.  …
39-year-old found dead in her kitchen — her coronavirus test from four days earlier still had  back  …
The Trump saying there’s a Coronavirus vaccine should meet the Trump who is anti-vaccine.  …
8) " If  the same negligence, our situation could be worse. May the Almighty Allah protect us all. Whether coronavirus is man-made disease or not, it is indeed a real virus today.
Add freezers to the list of items sold out during the coronavirus pandemic  
Coronavirus: Ghana to close all borders from Sunday |More here:  #CitiNewsroom
some ‘good’ news to report too as it appears the outbreak in #china #coronavirus is now under control ... people emerging and heading to parks and playgrounds
. @FEMA_Pete: FEMA is leading federal response operations on behalf of the White House Coronavirus Task Force. 
Trump promoted an unproved coronavirus treatment Saturday, saying, "I feel very good about it." The NIH’s Dr. Anthony Fauci, however, warned far more research is needed to understand whether the treatment actually works.  …
Bold Decisive Action. While the liberal media has politicized #coronavirus, President @RealDonaldTrump has taken unprecedented action to protect Americans. Thank you Mr. President! 𝗙𝗼𝗹𝗹𝗼𝘄 @BrandonBeckham_ for a Bold Christian 
So the point here is that all of us suck at accurately perceiving personal risk, but most aren’t aware of it. That’s why you see people walking around grocery stores with masks on, thinking they’re reducing their risk of #coronavirus — b/c, intuitively, it *feels* like they are.
Reclusive, nocturnal, numerous -- bats are a possible source of the coronavirus. Yet some scientists concur they are not to blame for the transfer of the disease that's changing daily life -- humans are 
Since a coronavirus outbreak began that has killed 35 people at the Life Care Center nursing home near Seattle, at least 15 more have died and dozens of others have been infected at such long-term care facilities across the nation. 
my glitter hand sanitizer fighting off the coronavirus 
Petition for coronavirus to just stop
These #coronavirus celebrity videos are having one effect: Public realizing most of them are talentless.
Why? "The Justice Department has quietly asked Congress for the ability to ask chief judges to detain people indefinitely without trial during emergencies--part of a push for new powers  as the coronavirus spreads through the US." h/t  …
It was only a matter of time before the Coronavirus hit the someone in the MMA world #CoronavirusPandemic  …
CORONAVIRUS: Government will do its best to support  - President Akufo-Addo. #JoyNews #CORONAVIRUS #COVID19Ghana #CoronaCrisis
Trump Admin Requests Authority To Ban Evictions During Coronavirus  …
. @Rihanna  to the rescue as her foundation donates $5 million to  the coronavirus, while Christian Siriano ( @Csiriano) does his part by offering to make masks for emergency 
“Three new White House polls show that America likes President Trump’s crisis management, first with impeachment and now with the coronavirus.”  …
Coronavirus Is Probably Not Going To Kill You -- A Positive Message on COVID-19. #CoronaCrisis RETWEET 
Chicago Mayor Lori Lightfoot Going With The Tracy McGrady Chiq Look At The Coronavirus Press Conference  
Wladimir Klitschko and his partners are opening the doors of their Kiev hotel to  doctors and medical staff in the fight against coronavirus. 
The Pope said, “People who cannot get to confession because of the coronavirus lockdown or another serious reason can go to God directly, be specific about their sins, request pardon and experience God’s loving forgiveness.” It’s been that way a long time (1 Tim. 2:5; 1Jn. 1:9)
My apologies for quoting the president out of context. As The Washington Post’s Fact Checker makes clear, he called Democrats politicizing coronavirus a hoax. I have deleted the incorrect tweet.  …
FDA Approves First Rapid 'Point-Of-Care' Coronavirus Test That Can Give Results in 45 Minutes 
People with tattoos are immune to the Coronavirus..
 actually hiring during the coronavirus pandemic. Amazon: looking for 100,000 7-Eleven: 20,000 Kroger: 10,000 
If a person dies without ever being tested for COVID-19, can we ever be sure what they ACTUALLY died from? Would this lack of testing not result in an undercount of Coronavirus deaths?
Netflix launches $100m coronavirus relief fund for out-of-work creatives  …
"Did Ben Carson Fall Asleep During Trump’s Coronavirus Briefing? Twitter Users Sure Thought So" -  …
SCOOP: Trump administration officials from the CDC and the State Dept warned Senators of the dire economic impact of the coronavirus on in a private briefing on Jan 24 –– days later, some Senators dumped their stock. via @thedailybeast  …
What a wonderful gesture! Coronavirus UK: Corner shop gives parents free care packages of baby food, milk, and wipes  …
Coronavirus Southern California update: 61 new cases reported in LA County, OC firefighter tests positive  …
To clarify: No aide from Cruz’s office tested positive for coronavirus. Cruz closed DC office some time ago in response to an aide from another office contracting coronavirus
Good evening. Our 111 service is very busy this evening and we would urge you to only call if essential. If you have questions or concerns about Coronavirus please check 
Mike Pence talking about coronavirus feels like an unaired episode of True Blood 
If your state doesn't have "many" coronavirus cases per capita, it's more likely due to the fact your state isn't testing enough people than your state being "lucky". #StayAtHome
Washington Post Publishes Call for End to Live Broadcasts of Trump's Coronavirus Briefings as Four New Polls Show Majority Approval for President's Handling of Crisis  … via @gatewaypundit
Customers hug each other as they meet up at Celebrity hangout Daylesford Cafe in Westbourne Grove London despite Prime Minister Boris Johnson's Coronavirus ban This is why Britain well remain on Lockdown for sometime  due to these selfish tw*ts!  …
People aged 20 to 44 make up a big portion of those hospitalized for the Chinese coronavirus in the U.S., according to CDC data. 
Exclusive: Federal law enforcement tracked white supremacists and Neo-Nazis discussing ways to use coronavirus as a weapon for bioterrorism. Via @hunterw and  …
Check in tweet: UGANDA
This Coronavirus is the first thing they’re not proud to stamp “Made In China” on. #coronavirus #ChinaVirus #WuhanVirus
CORONAVIRUS: More personal protection equipment are being procured to beef up supplies for our frontline health workers - President Akufo-Addo. #JoyNews #CORONAVIRUS #COVID19Ghana #CoronaCrisis
Joe Biden has been admitted into psychiatric institution for severe depression after coronavirus prevents him from touching and sniffing people
Former Real Madrid president Lorenzo Sanz dies age 76 after coronavirus infection #CoronavirusPandemic
Latest: Trump won't rule out taking coronavirus bailout cash for his businesses  … via @nypost
70. An hour of Sánchez. Announced NOTHING NEW. More than 25,000 cases of Coronavirus. More than 1,300 dead Spaniards. No new measures, although, as the PM had admitted this evening, the worst is yet  the big wave of illness and death has not yet hit the country.
Coronavirus cases in Ghana rise to 21 |More here:  #CitiNewsroom
4,500 retired healthcare workers sign up to help battle coronavirus | UK News | Sky News  …
In order to stay safe against coronavirus, you must wash your hands with soap and rinse them underneath hot water for 20 seconds, or about long it takes to say “There is no god but Allah, and Mohammad is the messenger of Allah” four times.
Keep a watchful eye. The Trump Administration is using the coronavirus pandemic as an excuse to implement their most authoritarian and nationalist immigration policies.  …
My apologies for quoting the president out of context. As The Washington Post’s Fact Checker makes clear, he called Democrats politicizing coronavirus a hoax.  …
Why would Federal Prosecutors need to travel for law enforcement reasons during #coronavirus SHUTDOWN? #StormIsUponUs 
Former #RealMadrid president Lorenzo Sanz has died after contracting coronavirus. The 76-year-old was in charge when Los Blancos won Champions League in 1998 and 2000 (the first, La Séptima, ending a 32-year wait in European Cup). DEP.  …
Uganda has officially reported its first case of coronavirus in a 36 year old Ugandan male. He arrived on Saturday via Addis Ababa from Dubai, UAE #EverydayEthiopia
Glad the #COVIDー19 #coronavirus #CoronaVirusInNigeria message is getting to the grassroots in Watch a prank on the 
Coronavirus social media update: Instagram: just a giant, annoying thirst trap right now Twitter: awful news 24/7 with sprinkles of hilarious memes Facebook: old people copying and pasting “copy and paste this” posts like it’s MySpace in 2008. I HATE IT HERE
The @calvertjournal  the best contemporary (Central and) Eastern European cinema available to stream online during coronavirus lockdown, including Polish films Cold War and Corpus Christi  …
Today I learnt: It’s “thinly veiled racism” to want to  free of Coronavirus and not wanting rural health services strained.  …
So, um, media people out here shitting on Sanders for discussing M4A and raising money for Coronavirus aid, while praising Joe Biden as he hides in home doing virtual fundraisers with millionaires for his campaign....are you fucking okay?? Were you hit on the head??
CORONAVIRUS: All our borders that is by land, sea and air will be closed to human traffic for the next 2 weeks beginning midnight on Sunday - President Akufo-Addo. #JoyNews #CORONAVIRUS #COVID19Ghana #CoronaCrisis
People, Businesses, Governments are all uniting to help @WHO fight against the #coronavirus. Please join & donate to the #COVID19Fund:  
. @MelBrooks and his son @maxbrooksauthor are joining countless other celebrities offering support and public health tips on social media amid the coronavirus pandemic 
Dan Snyder was first NFL owner to shut down travel. Now turning FedEx Field into a Coronavirus testing site. Leading the way. Or at least trying to.  …
While Trump continues to inexplicably delay & otherwise bungle his coronavirus response, this is something to keep in mind.  …
FDA approves new coronavirus test that can diagnose within hours  …
FDA: Newly-approved #coronavirus test works in 45 minutes, to be rolled out next week  
America’s response to coronavirus has revealed a simple truth: many policies our elected officials said were impossible and impractical—like health care for all, cancel student debt, stop evictions— were eminently possible and practical all along.  …
NEW: As a wave of at-home tests for coronavirus  on the market, federal regulators issued stern guidance saying that *none of them* has yet been officially approved for use. (1/3)  …
#Breaking Former Real Madrid president Lorenzo Sanz has died of coronavirus aged 76, LaLiga has announced 
NEWS! *President declares 25th March National Fasting Day *Ghana Records its first coronavirus death *Tomorrow, 22nd of March is #ChurchWithShatta online service *Sarkodie releases first two pictures of his "Highest Photo Album" volume 2.
New hope antimalarial hydroxychloroquine and antibiotic  could reduce coronavirus duration. The news were recently promoted by many from @realDonaldTrump to @elonmusk and researchers at @UMNews just launched a big human trials to confirm  
Boy, the Unionists are lining up tonight to tell us that an independent Scotland could not survive the #coronavirus without the broad shoulders of the uk to support it. They really are the biggest most misinformed group of  sufferers and duffers on the planet.  …
First person to receive #coronavirus vaccine in the U.S. will get second (and final) inoculation on April 13. She is one of 45 healthy volunteers in the Moderna trial. By June we’ll know if the new jab is safe. But we won’t know if it’s effective. That will be a separate study.
Today we’ll announce a $17 million package to fast-track a vaccine for coronavirus that could save millions of lives. #coronavirus  …
Congress' Asian Pacific American caucus chair: It's dangerous for Trump to call coronavirus 'the Chinese virus'  …
Behold! Pakistan is going to make international headlines tomorrow. "Coronavirus gets infected with corruption."  …
As you hear about coronavirus deaths, remember: Just because someone had an "underlying condition" doesn't mean they didn't have a life worth living.
Just found out my great uncle was admitted to a hospital in Georgia a day ago with respiratory issues & passed away last night. The 2 family members who were with him are currently in quarantine as they await testing results for coronavirus. Please take this serious, folks.
UPDATE: Uganda has confirmed its first case of coronavirus. Health ministry says patient, a 36-year-old Ugandan man, arrived into the country from Dubai on Saturday, March 21, at 2am aboard Ethiopian Airlines.
On Saturday, the White House again stopped short of taking more assertive steps to push  to help restock hospitals with crucial supplies for the coronavirus pandemic 
Coronavirus pandemic: From 0 to 100,000 cases: 110 days From 100,000 to 200,000 cases: 12 days From 200,000 to 300,000 cases: 3 days
NYSE boss sold his own stock ahead of coronavirus market meltdown  
Joe Biden's coronavirus web address lands on a donation page for his campaign. He's profiting from fear. 
Apparently young people aren't getting the coronavirus message so they asked someone who's down with the kids...  …
One thing I haven’t seen many people point out with this whole coronavirus thing: it’s a LITTLE weird...
New cases of Coronavirus found in Spencer Breathitt Menifee Kenton Anderson Fayette Jefferson Warren 6 cases in Green River area
. @KamalaHarris @DickDurbin & @AyannaPressley are leading a group of 36 senators & 87 representatives on protecting Dreamers during the coronavirus pandemic:  …
There are many people right now who have lost their jobs or will be losing their jobs due to the pandemic. Guess what’s attached to jobs? Health insurance. What happens when someone w/o a job, now w/o health insurance contracts the coronavirus? Really? We needed M4A yesterday.
Heard my neighbors arguing this morning #viralpost #share #comment #funnypost #coronavirus #StayAtHome #CoronavirusPandemic #lockdown 
if i get coronavirus i have to decide what to do, as in "should i go to the doctor and maybe accumulate 35K+ in debt as a result" or "i'm young, should i stay home and tough it out and maybe die?" i'm sorry senator sanders annoyed you with his message, donna 
What the heck is wrong with people? Coronavirus: Seaside visitors defy social distancing advice  …
FOR SALE: Several politicians, DUMPED massive stock holding's mere days before the Coronavirus became pervasive! $187,000 a year ++++ and they told NO-ONE.! FOUR SO FAR..! One's hubby sits on the N.Y.S.E. & the others chair  I ONLY TRUST POTUS.! { WAKE-UP USA } 
BREAKING NEWS: Lorenzo Sanz, Former Real Madrid president, has just died today from Coronavirus.
Italy's death toll from the coronavirus rose by nearly 800 in just 24 hours — the largest daily increase since the outbreak was revealed. 
Horrible to have to tweet this but a warning is best. Although southern England has many more coronavirus infections, they also have much more resources than Wales & NE England. It takes much fewer infections  overwhelm the NHS in these areas. 
If SF/PIRA hadn't brought Stormont down for 3 years we might have the Royal Victoria Hospital finished to help fight the coronavirus "The intensive care unit (ICU) will not  fully operational until at least autumn 2020." Thanks O'Neill & SF/PIRA.  …
From @evangershkovich and colleges at @MoscowTimes Rich Russians Are Hoarding Ventilators to Protect Themselves Against the Coronavirus  …
EMPTY STREETS: This was the view in Walnut Creek this afternoon as residents across the state stay indoors because of the #coronavirus crisis.  
Joe Biden said he is upgrading his home to reach the public with frequent broadcasts about how the nation should respond to the coronavirus pandemic.  … via @WSJ
