The Iran crisis began on Dec. 31, while Trudeau was on vacation in Costa Rica. He refused  home early, extending his vacation to 17 days. Dozens of Canadians were murdered by Iran. Now the #coronavirus crisis  to Toronto. And Trudeau is taking a “personal day”. 
Malaysia should aware that 3/4 #coronavirus cases came from Johor. The China people came in from Singapore. The government should screen China citizen  from Singapore by bus, train or car as well. Not just strict screening at KLIA. How about Johor people? @KKMPutrajaya
China's years-long expansion into Africa has left the continent particularly vulnerable to the spread of a new iteration of coronavirus. 
China's president Xi Jinping warns killer coronavirus is accelerating as doctor dies and US evacuates its citizens from Wuhan 
Anyone have a total confirmed coronavirus case number?
Don’t panic, peoplekind of Canada. Justin and I will keep you safe. #ParodyCabinet #coronavirus 
The Western norm of consuming cows, chickens, pigs, etc is no different than eating bats, insects, & dogs in the East. We’re all eating animals, just different ones. There is no set of rules saying which are “normal” or “acceptable.” Different culture, same cruelty. #CoronaVirus
Canada confirms first case of coronavirus, as death toll jumps to more than 50  …
Chinese officials confirming more than 1,300 cases of #Coronavirus and 41 deaths. @CBSNewYork
China Quarantines 40 Million, 1,300+ Infected; Expert Predicted Coronavirus ‘Pandemic’ Could Kill 65 Million; U.S. Evacuation Underway In China  …
Novel #coronavirus arriving in #Toronto was inevitable. What wasn't inevitable: screening on presentation to the ER, immediate isolation, calling @TOPublicHealth. The fact that this occurred shows the system is working. Kudos to staff at @Sunnybrook for your  …
How To Properly Wear A Mask #CORONAVIRUS 
The reason why this is an important step to prevent the spread of the Coronavirus to the DPRK and unfortunately what is being conveniently looked over by a lot of the media reporting on this issue is that the DPRK receives around 600,000 tourists annually and most are from China.  …
UPDATE: A 50-year-old man who returned from a trip to Wuhan, China, on Jan. 22 was admitted to Sunnybrook the next day with a respiratory infection. Tests came back positive for coronavirus on Saturday afternoon.  …
If Doug Ford really gave a damn about Ontarians, his government wouldn’t have slashed Ontario Public Health funding by $200 million and declare to cut Toronto Public Health budgets by $1 billion over the next decade. #coronavirus #CoronaOutbreak  …
Coronavirus in Toronto is about to take "no outside clothes on my bed" to a whole new level
I'm confused by the hysteria over #coronavirus in the US when white "woke" parents refuse to vaccinate their kids for the #flu which killed 80k Americans last year and this public health emergency gets a hand wave.
I had the Coronavirus this morning. And it seems I’m aiming for the Macallanflu tomorrow.
Why is MSM @FOX21News, @nytimes, @RollingStone whitewashing #coronavirus #vaccines & Gates linkages when AT LEAST 1 Gates-funded Institute studies & owns patents for coronavirus variant & worked w Wuhan Institute of Virology, which had biowarfare program.  …
10 new cases of #coronavirus, including three doctors, have been confirmed in Beijing, bringing the total number to 51. Of the three doctors, two had traveled to Wuhan and the third sat next to one infected doctor during a meeting. 
A list of patents which deal with this ‘new’ coronavirus. Well there is a pretty recent patent as of July 4th, 2019 with this coronavirus. We know how most of these viruses are lab created and this provides some more reach or information to research!  …
their faces are all covered up bc of the coronavirus pandemic precautions hhhhh stay healthy & safe travels babies 
Spread of coronavirus ‘accelerating’, warns China president  …
Just seen on #bbcnews cases of #coronavirus confirmed in Europe and Australia. This is in addition to the cases reported in America, Thailand, Singapore, Japan, Taiwan, Malaysia, Vietnam, South Korea and Nepal  …
one case of coronavirus in toronto and my family loses it 
#coronavirus is unlikely to kill as many people in the next year as Road traffic collisions Cigarette smoking Alcohol Falls Firearms Influenza Just saying Get a grip folks Panic doesn't help Sensible precautions do
k so who’s actually scared about the coronavirus ?
#CoronaVirus is very serious but let’s remember over 2500 mainland Chinese die from #smoking related disease /every/ /DAY/. Ironic, given Hon Lik (of China) invented the modern #eCigarette which is best chance of curbing those deaths. #China #PublicHealthEmergency #Tobacco
And this how to get coronavirus
Coronavirus the global pandemic the NWO will use to have vaccines forced on you. Depopulation is the endgame, vaccines will  your health & eventually kill you  …
China's #WuhanVirus Update: - 54 Deaths Now Confirmed. - 38 Declared Cured. - 1,200 - 4,000 #Infected - #Quarantine Zone Now 55 Million. - 2 Hospitals Being Built for Crisis. - Possible to Spread Through Eyes. #FoodWorldOrder #CoronaVirus
This coronavirus is spreading like crazy. Avoid travel to China if possible folks. It apparently started same market where SARS started from all kinds of open market where animals are sold in unsanitary conditions. Be safe.
My joint statement w/ Dr. Bonnie Henry, BC's provincial health officer on the presumed positive #coronavirus case in Ontario. To date,there have been no cases of illness caused by the novel #coronavirus in BC. We continue to watch the situation closely.  …
Inside the horrific, inhumane animal markets behind pandemics like coronavirus 
Hong Kong closes schools as death toll rises amid coronavirus outbreak.  
Wuhan is 7th largest city in PRC; San Antonio in U.S. if new virus had appeared in San Antonio this month and killed 40 people in U.S. since, what would country’s mood be? Assuming the same or worse in PRC given distrust of government and lack of media freedom. #coronavirus
Experts question why authorities suddenly kicked into action weeks after first coronavirus case was reported  #CoronavirusOutbreak
[NOTICE] K-atinys want to postpone ateez seoul concerts bc of the coronavirus plz support their hashtag! We want ateez and atinys all to be safe! Other fandoms also trending this hashtag for their idols so plz RT, quote, and rep this tweet. #에이티즈_월드투어_미뤄
US orders charter flight to evacuate citizens and diplomats from #Wuhan during #coronavirus outbreak — report  
Me hearing about the coronavirus in Toronto while being a hypochondriac 
The first case of SARS was reported during eclipse season in 2002, Saturn copresent with the North Node and opposing Pluto and the South Node. The novel coronavirus of 2019/20 was first reported during eclipse season with Saturn, Pluto, and the South Node copresent. 
Toronto has a case of #2019nCoV. The city has lots of health care workers who grappled with SARS; there's institutional memory there. But I know some still bear scars from 2003 & have dreaded the new coronavirus arrival. Stay safe. Get fit tested.  …
Tim Cook Says Apple Will Donate to Coronavirus Relief Efforts in China  … by 
Trudeau’s lazy deputy prime minister is active on Twitter — partying in celebration of the Year of the Rat. So she’s tweeting. She’s focused. Just not on the country’s concerns. #coronavirus  …
I know this Coronavirus news is scary, but the government & the news used the same propaganda w/ the Swine flu, Mad Cow Disease, Ebola, etc. and no one even mentions those anymore. Relax, and protect yourself just as you would any other contagious illness. Y’all gon be alright.
We are very well equipped to deal with the coronavirus in Canada. Everyone needs to stay cool. #cdnpoli #coronavirus  …
Canada identifies first coronavirus case  
Artificial intelligence helped detect an outbreak of the coronavirus one week before the CDC issued a warning. 
To stay informed and updated about Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV), please rely on credible sources of information. Latest from Toronto Public Health.  …
BREAKING: PM Scott Morrison has announced there's no need for Australia to take action against the #coronavirus. He said "We make up only 0.3% of the world's population. Even if we're all wiped out by the virus it will make no appreciable impact on the world's population" #auspol
Canada has its first case of the #CoronaVirus. The Toronto patient had recently travelled from Wuhan, China.  …
WHO’s risk assessment of the new #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) situation has not changed: very high in #China high at the regional level moderate at the global level WHO’s situation report 25 January 2020  
UPDATED: 'Presumptive positive' coronavirus case detected in Toronto  
Are you concerned over the outbreak of the new strand of coronavirus?
Update of confirmed #coronavirus cases worldwide: -China (HK, Macao, Taiwan): 1,142 & 54 deaths -Japan: 3 -South Korea: 2 -France: 3 - Australia: 4 -Canada: 1 -U.S. : 2 -Russia: 7 -Nepal: 1 -Vietnam: 2 -Malaysia: 4 -Singapore: 4 -Thailand: 5 
The US government is arranging a charter flight to evacuate American diplomats and citizens from the Chinese city that has  ground zero for a new deadly strain of coronavirus, a US official said 
So when does the WHO declare coronavirus an emergency?
I just checked the Twitter feeds of Canada’s prime minister, foreign minister, transport minister, defence minister & health minister. Not a single one of them has anything to say about a #coronavirus patient arriving by plane from China. Like Justin Trudeau, they’re on vacation. 
Coronavirus could already be in Nigeria, but some doctor would misdiagnose it as “cough/flu”, and then prescribe Zinnat.
you lot ordering lashes and bundles from coronavirus central dont fear innit?
Only 85 out of 1,052 confirmed coronavirus patients in Hubei province has been released from hospital. At least 129 patients are in serious to critical condition.  …
I don't know if President Trump isn't stopping the flights from coronavirus torn China because he is stubborn, stupid, or just doesn't care.  …
I’m trying to tell you something about this whole thing stinks... This doesn’t seem like tradition epidemic fear mongering to me #coronavirus Former Head of World Health Org. Health Emergencies Programme Has Died Suddenly  …
I want to thank all health care and public health employees for the work they’ve done to prepare for an outbreak, and for the work they may do in the days ahead to care for patients and prevent the spread coronavirus in Ontario and beyond. 1/2  …
Coronavirus contagion rate makes it hard to control: studies  
Coronavirus possibly now in Canada, as "presumptive" case seen in Toronto.
BREAKING: Total of 52 deaths, 129 severe cases and 1052 confirmed cases of new strand of coronavirus in Hubei Province, China.
Nigeria is also at risk with Buhari travelling upandan. I hope he gets quarantined at the airport just incase. I also hope this Coronavirus pandemic makes him sit one place finally. Johnnie "Walker" that can't sit one place.  …
Breaking: There are now 1,764 confirmed cases of coronavirus, including 54 deaths, across the world.
Public health protects us against things like the #coronavirus and SARS. Meanwhile, Doug Ford's Conservatives are gutting Toronto Public Health by cutting $1 billion from it. But spending $1B to get beer in corner stores is their priority. #onpoli  …
Learn about how the Ministry of Health is preparing for the Wuhan novel coronavirus in Ontario. Find out how to protect yourself, what to do if you’re sick after you travel and how to recognize possible symptoms. #Onpoli 
Trump thought that the coronavirus started in Mexico because it had Corona in its name
“They are dying before our eyes” #coronavirus #WuhanCoronavirus #kungflu #CoronaOutbreak #wtf #china why is #facebookdown more trending than THIS 
Here we go. “First case of coronavirus in Canada identified at Toronto’s Sunnybrook hospital, province says”  …
Canada confirms 1st ‘presumptive case’ of coronavirus in Toronto 
NEW: Epicenter of coronavirus outbreak reports 292 new cases and 11 new deaths, raising death toll to 54  …
Security forces in China's Wuhan, which is under quarantine because of the deadly #coronavirus, try to get presumably sick people into a van by force 
me joking about the #coronavirus even though I’m actually lowkey scared 
Ontario public health officials aren't saying what flight or carrier the Toronto coronavirus patient came to Canada on, but they did say he connected on a flight in Guangzhou and flew to Toronto. Only airline that does that route is China Southern.
I feel like I may have caught the coronavirus through the internet. 
My statement on the first presumptive confirmed case of coronavirus. 
Now that the coronavirus is in Toronto bare cut eye Chinese ppl dem a get
SPREAD THIS #coronavirus The Chinese authorities reported 15 new deaths in Wuhan, the center of a virus outbreak, including a medical professional in his 60s. At least fourteen people have been tested in the United Kingdom Here are its symptoms and prevention methods 
What is coronavirus and how worried should we be? #coronavirus #Wuhan #pandemic  …
“Just heard the first case of the coronavirus hit Toronto.. and the coughs remind me of the times my chest was feeling heavy when we stopped talking. You don’t gotta respond. Hope all is well, i’m always here” 
Felicity Huffman & Daughter Wear Masks at Airport Amid Coronavirus Scare 
Coronavirus in Cda. Reporters are asking what part of TO this guy lives in. No one will answer. What about people on the planes with this guy? Left China on Jan 21. He came into Cda on Jan 22, next day in hospital. Family members are in “self-isolation.”
#Breaking: First 'presumptive case' of coronavirus in Toronto. Patient is a man in his 50s who had visited Wuhan. Now at Sunnybrook hospital, health officials say. 
all this coronavirus news has me navigating society like 
With a single presumptive case of Coronavirus now confirmed at Toronto’s Sunnybrook Hospital, Ontarians are now left wonder how Stephen Lecce will work in a picture or video of himself when he tweets about it.
Health officials say a man in his 50’s arrived to Toronto from Wuhan Jan 22nd, went to hospital Jan 23rd. Has a “presumptive” case of the coronavirus. Also has a small family that are also in isolation at this time @CityNews
Ontario’s chief medical officer has announced the first ‘presumptive positive’ case of the coronavirus in the province. More here:  
Let me fathom a guess, tonight's national news will quickly mention Trump's defense and then turn right to the Coronavirus , making it the Yuge story of the day. If they weren't so FkN transparent in their bias they would 
To anyone in Toronto make sure to wear masks or stuff over your face when out in public, wash your hands frequently and try to avoided crowded places, or just stay inside whenever you can to prevent getting the coronavirus
First #coronavirus case confirmed in Canada, in Toronto. Male in his 50s, recently traveled to #Wuhan, became sick a day  back. At Sunnybrook, in stable condition.  …
MEDIA RELEASE: TPH reports first presumptive confirmed case of novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in Toronto, however the risk of getting infected in Toronto remains low. More info: 
The claims of this "Israeli military intelligence doctor" oddly take pressure off of the reports that have been linking the Gates Foundation to coronavirus simulations and patents. Who was good friends w Bill Gates again?
If you want to believe a guy connected to the same intelligence agency that was behind Epstein's sex blackmail op about the origins of the coronavirus outbreak, be my guest, but I won't be joining in.  …
Ontario officials say there is a "presumptive positive" test result for the coronavirus in Toronto. A man in his 50s had travelled to Wuhan, China and felt ill on his return to Canada. He is now in stable condition in Sunnybrook hospital. WATCH LIVE: 
China kept secret the outbreak of the Coronavirus since October 2019. The World Heath Organization says the number of infected and deaths do not add up. On Thursday the World Health Organization will have more data and decide if Coronavirus is a global health crisis like SARS.
#BREAKING Ontario confirms first confirmed case of #coronavirus #cdnpoli #onpoli  …
BREAKING: First lab-confirmed case of coronavirus in Ontario is a 50-year-old man who had travelled to Wunan, now in isolation at Sunnybrook Hospital.  …
BREAKING: Government of Ontario, Canada, confirms first 'presumptive case' of new strand of coronavirus in the country.
Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre is caring for a patient who has a confirmed case of the novel coronavirus that originated in Wuhan, China. The patient is in stable condition and has been admitted to an isolation room. More info:  …
#BREAKING: Ontario’s chief medical officer of health confirms first “presumptive positive” case of #coronavirus in Canada. Says risk still low 
There is now a single presumptive case of Coronavirus in Ontario at Toronto’s Sunnybrook Hospital. Official say at this point it is contained. Officials say the system worked and the risk to Ontarians is low. #onpoli #cdnpoli #coronarovirus 
You & your family are still more likely to: Get sick Hospitalized Die from the #Flu than the 2019-nCoV coronavirus Please get your Flu Shot
#BREAKING: Ontario health officials say first possible case of coronavirus confirmed in Toronto  …
Breaking: Dr David Williams announces Canada’s first presumptive positive case or #coronavirus 
Medical supply stores in central Texas are experiencing a medical mask shortage after a Texas A&M student, having recently traveled to Wuhan, China, may have contracted coronavirus 
if I was there during the Chinese Coronavirus outbreak shit woulda gone down differently
China coronavirus spread accelerating, Xi Jinping warns Something strange and worrying about this Only saying 40+ deaths, yet grand scale panic in China never seen before Thinking they know something we don't? More dead? They keeping something secret?  …
cant believe im watching a coronavirus outbreak live on twitter
Nurse treating coronavirus sufferers in China claims 90,000 people have already been infected 
China Quarantines 40 Million, 1,300+ Infected; Expert Predicted Coronavirus ‘Pandemic’ Could Kill 65 Million; U.S. Evacuation Underway In China  …
#BREAKING: Ontario health officials are expected to announce that a “presumptive case” of coronavirus has been confirmed in Toronto. 
me : is coronavirus in nyc yet ? Kayak promo : would u like it to be ? 
Canadian health officials will soon announce a "presumptive case" of coronavirus, according to Global News. Final test results are pending.
In Wuhan, hospitals are already running out of medical supplies, patient beds and coronavirus diagnostic test kits  …
Just wondering - will African countries issue a travel advisory about China due to the #CoronaVirus? Sounds like it should be handled with the same severity as #Ebola
More context on #coronavirus Cerno will continue providing life saving updates without the mass media hysteria.  …  
Coronavirus contagion rate makes it hard to control: studies  
While the @CDC is leading gov efforts on the Coronavirus, @DHSgov is taking prudent & necessary precautions at @TSA @CBP @FEMA @USCG @DHScwmd &  to keep our employees & the homeland safe & secure. For info on the coronavirus visit the CDC  …
The #Coronavirus confirmed outbreak locations: • China • France • Japan • Australia • Malaysia • Nepal • Singapore • South Korea • Taiwan • Thailand • United States • Vietnam • Hong Kong — More dates being added soon
71 new cases and 1 new death have been added to the coronavirus tracker. There are 1,468 confirmed cases and 43 fatalities.  …
This looks like Coronavirus has arrived in Ontario. 
Wuhan residents say they have ALL been left to catch China's deadly coronavirus as city orders total lockdown  
China's President Xi Jinping has described the accelerating spread of coronavirus as a 'grave situation'  
The first person known to have been infected by the Wuhan coronavirus had never visited the city’s seafood market – regarded as the epicentre of the outbreak. There was also no epidemiological link between the first patient and the later cases.  …
BREAKING: Ontario’s chief medical officer of health, along with several other public health officials will hold a news conference at Queen’s Park about the Coronavirus. 
How long will it take for a looney to say that the coronavirus is the result of climate change? Or it is Scott Morrisons fault.
Xi orders centralized response to coronavirus: 'It is our responsibility to prevent and control it' 
• For the last 2-3 years, the Chinazis’ve been mass-building crematories all over Xinjiang where 3 Million Muslims’ve been jailed in concentration camps. • All flights from Wuhan, the center of Coronavirus outbreak, have been grounded except those to Xinjiang & HongKong.
#CrimeMinister looking to conjure a Rapture. Did nothing while fires turned the country to an ashtray. (eg o/s help not taken up earlier). Now lying about steps taken to stop coronavirus infiltrating country, incl. not implementing basic protections. His religion will kill us.  …
new decade new health scare #CoronaOutbreak #coronavirus
Medical workers of the Union Hospital with the Tongji Medical College of the Huazhong University of Science and Technology in Wuhan participate in a ceremony to form an 'assault team' to battle a coronavirus epidemic in China. In science we trust... 
43 flights will arrive in Australia from #China today. @ScottMorrisonMP says travellers will get instructions on what to do if they develop #coronavirus symptoms. But Border Security staff have been told “no mass temperature screening measures will be implemented at this time”
Report included a rare (possibly unprecedented) video of the meeting of the Politburo Standing Committee itself. Significant in that it reveals the PSC  to the Chinese public both the seriousness of the #coronavirus outbreak and the fact the Party is responding.  …
It was the Chinese president who stopped flights from Wuhan to Australia, not @ScottMorrisonMP. The PM has hesitated in ordering full biological screening of flights from origins of risk. Australia needs to stay ahead of the curve #auspol #coronavirus  …
Coronavirus patients arrived in France without symptoms  
Do you think it's possible that this #coronavirus #outbreak  on purpose because the demonstrations in #HongKongProtests We're spreading to the mainland? Pathogen #TianamenSquare  …
when the chinese kid in class starts coughing #coronavirus 
Bill Gates ‘predicted’ Chinese coronavirus a year ago with simulation 33 MILLION could die in first six months Only deplorables, the elites have been inoculated already  …
Pray that #CoronaVirus will not find its way into Nigeria. With what happened to Dr Adadevoh, I'm not sure any medical practitioner will ever repeat such act again, not to mention the govt we have now. I pray medical experts would discover vaccine to this epidemic on time. 
British government now advises against all travel to Wuhan, China due to coronavirus. "If you are in this area and able to leave, you should do so."
"Lines have formed at hospitals and residents  that the traffic restrictions [imposed by the Chinese government] have made it nearly impossible to seek timely medical help" for the Wuhan coronavirus.  
Can't imagine a worse situation to be in: The Wuhan coronavirus has hit Xinjiang, where China has imprisoned at least 1 million Uighur Muslims. Its filthy detention camps will make inmates sitting ducks.  … via @thisisinsider
Has the NY Fed declared an emergency weekend meeting yet to discuss how they’ll handle the coronavirus’ effect on the market?
China is battling Coronavirus... They're constructing a hospital in 6 days to contain the spread. We're here shooting locust with live bullets. Let's just pray the virus  anywhere near Africa! #coronarovirus 
So far no new cases of coronavirus have been found ww, lets hope the pandemic has slowed down and is slowly being taken care of omg 
After recently promoting the idea  suicide to fight climate change, far left lunatic says lower carbon footprint in Wuhan is the way of the future, thanks to coronavirus. That’s where climate alarmism is leading. DEATH.  …
In many Chinese markets, live animals mix with butchered meat and other produce, creating a virtual incubator for new diseases like the coronavirus now sweeping the country 
pls make yourselves aware about #coronavirus 
Hong Kong declared a virus emergency and restricted links to mainland China as over 1,400 people were confirmed infected with coronavirus worldwide, most of them in China  
Before the Coronavirus takes us out, can I cuff?
What you need to know about the #coronavirus symptoms and risks  …
Scientists are unraveling the Chinese coronavirus with unprecedented speed and openness 
That's how this #coronavirus started, now it's passing quickly from human-to-human; a much bigger deal...  …
Medical supply stores in central Texas are experiencing a medical mask shortage after a Texas A&M student, having recently traveled to Wuhan, China, may have contracted coronavirus 
China's president Xi Jinping warns killer coronavirus is accelerating  #CoronavirusOutbreak
International map of coronavirus cases 
Eating live baby mice is a 'delicacy' in China, so is eating bats. Ergo, it's no wonder the Coronavirus started in China. It's a medical fact that nearly all human viruses first begin as animal viruses. (Pardon me, but yuck!)  …
Coronavirus ... just like Meghan and Harry stopped the chatter about Pedo Andy, the Coronavirus is causing panic instead of news about: France demos, Brexit, Iran, AU arson fires, PR warehouses of supplies blizzards best is Trudeau's beard has stopped flapping in the wind.
Hong Kong declares coronavirus outbreak an 'emergency'  …
Rt @XiJinpingReal #XiJinping the horror of #China The world has been begging you for years to close down this vile trade. Time you listen, BAN this sickening practice Horrifying images inside live animal market feared 'ground zero' for Coronavirus  …
UPDATE: #Coronavirus death toll in China rises to 42 people  
US and Australian health officials are disclosing the number of possible Wuhan coronavirus cases they're testing/monitoring. BC officials are refusing to do so, and say they'll only tell us when there is a confirmed case.  …
#Coronavirus Patent number: 10130701 Filed: July 23, 2015 Date of Patent: November 20, 2018 Assignee: THE PIRBRIGHT INSTITUTE Inventors: Erica Bickerton, Sarah Keep, Paul Britton Funded by: Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation $5.5M 
Understandable that there's extreme concern about the Wuhan coronavirus, but I wonder how many who fear  infected chose to forgo the flu vaccine despite that illness  found, highly contagious, and sometimes fatal. Not too late to get your flu shot.
Asian diner calmly dipping a baby mouse in a bowl of sauce before eating it alive as part of Chinese delicacy known as 'Three Squeaks' Can't say what I think Not allowed to say what I think So Sure hope they contain the killer coronavirus I hear it could kill millions~ 
Can’t get the CoronaVirus, if you only drink Modelo. 
Two Russian universities developing vaccine against #coronavirus - watchdog 
Chinese Social Media Depicts Chaos in Virus. Authorities scramble to keep citizens calm amid the fast-spreading coronavirus,videos and messages from Wuhan,ground zero of the deadly pneumonia,reflect the atmosphere of growing panic in the quarantined city.  …
#Wuhan, the hardest-hit city of the novel #coronavirus outbreak in central China, has planned to transform 24 general hospitals for temporary use to cope with the increasing number of patients with fever, said the city's  on Saturday. 
This Is How China Is Hiding The True Number Of Coronavirus Deaths | Zero Hedge  …
China confirms first coronavirus death outside of epicenter of disease outbreak  …
As China’s epidemic continues to spread, things may seem scary. Here are ten simple precautions that can protect you from contracting the coronavirus. 
Malthusian to the core: a Canadian politician praises the coronavirus for reducing Wuhan's carbon footprint.  …
Shanghai Disneyland is closed — indefinitely — as China grapples with the coronavirus threat.  …
Beavers kept in cages in a Wuhan wildlife market dubbed 'ground-zero' of China’s coronavirus outbreak 
this coronavirus started because of contaminated meat and seafood.... funny how everything bad in the world relates back to slaughterhouse animals. i mean i’m just saying
The CDC and WHO first warned of the coronavirus in early January. But an  noticed the outbreak on December 31, after scanning news reports and travel records. 
BREAKING: New evidence suggests that Democrats are 100 times more likely to acquire the #CoronaVirus than Republicans because Democrats are already bat$#!+ crazy!
Quebec politician praises coronavirus for reducing carbon footprint in Wuhan  …
Wow: Patient Zero of the coronavirus had NO exposure to the Wuhan seafood market as earlier reported -- SCMP quotes Lancet study  … #nCoV2019
I call for full-on banning the wet markets that created the conditions that allowed the Coronavirus and Ebola outbreaks to occur. Can libertarians defend China's open air wet markets, or will they admit that regulation is necessary?
Its unfortunate that the coronavirus just happened to be in that one animal consumed by someone, but so many ppl are being openly racist about it, when discovery channel had a whole show with a white man eating anything and everything he could find all around the world... 
Research led by scientists at the Wuhan Institute of Virology find that the current #coronavirus nCoV-2019 is 96% identical at the whole genome level to a bat coronavirus belonging to the species of SARSr-CoV.
It is believed that the origin of the Chinese coronavirus was from a Chinese wet market that sells food in open stalls, along with live animals...no refrigeration or sanitation..these are standard in China..  …
People acting like the coronavirus is some aberration in epidemic diseases must have never heard of the flu before. The flu kills tens of thousands of people a year in the US & what does the CDC tell us to do? Get a flu shot & wash your hands often. The flu shot ain't even free.
First three coronavirus cases in Europe in Bordeaux...US and  evacuating personnel from China...too little, too late..  …
Danny Devito is immune to the coronavirus he has achieved this by drinking 10 gallons of corona every day for 6 years
People should get their flu shots, if they haven't already, because if coronavirus does spread, anyone who gets the flu will clog facilities with their panicky demands for precise diagnosis. And they should get flu shots anyway, it's not like flu is 100% safe either.
China says deadly coronavirus accelerating: 1,300+ cases, 56+ million in lock down  … via @amermilnews
Video from a local hospital in Wuhan - the city where #coronavirus came from 
The Coronavirus seems to be spreading worldwide...until it hits Carmarthenshire; when it will be known as the Tovalivirus. #verynichegag
Lunar New Year is the happiest time in the year for Chinese people. It’s truly heartbreaking that families can’t be together right now because of the coronavirus... Meanwhile, America is using this time to spew racist bullsh*t.
If you had not campaigned in the swing states there never would have been an Iraq War, so your ruminations are  as the coronavirus.
For #Wuhan, not realistic to do crypto to end beneficiaries. Binance pledged 10m RMB ($1.5m USD) to help #coronavirus victims. We didn’t make any announcements. But BCF/Binance team has been busy for the last few days. Still need help to arrange logistics locally.  …
SPECIAL Ep 1– War Room: Pandemic, Why the China Coronavirus is So Important  …
China's president Xi Jinping warns killer coronavirus is accelerating as doctor dies and US evacuates its citizens from hotspot Wuhan 
Perhaps revealing some naiveté, I'm surprised at the level of vitriol towards Chinese people I'm seeing in  sections of stories about the Wuhan coronavirus. And I mean towards the people, not the government. Disheartening.
A China Southern flight from #Wuhan just landed at #SanFrancisco airport, while Wuhan airport supposed to be closed. #coronavirus 
China is building an entire hospital in just 10 days, with 1000 beds & 270,000 square feet. Incredible that this is possible. Hospital dedicated to coronavirus treatment.  
This is purportedly from a medical worker in a Wuhan hospital today. [sound up and glasses on] #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak HT @sousibrown and 
People with no symptoms could be spreading deadly coronavirus, study warns  …
Um, most people get “cured” of coronavirus by doing nothing. It can often present like a  cold. Not to mention the natural remedies (a la “MMS”) that we have evidence of being able to destroy it The hysteria around disease reporting makes for all kinds of headlines  …
Photos leaked showing roads in and out of #Wuhan (even small side roads) being barricaded with piles of dirt/rocks to block all traffic in or out. Scary situation brewing. China isn’t telling the truth. #WuhanCoronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus 
Three Chinese doctors are confirmed infected with the new #coronavirus in Beijing. Two of them went to #Wuhan for business. All of them and people had close contacts with them are in 
Media is likely to hype coronavirus regardless of how little or much it affects Americans. They need bad news, generally. They need bad news to replace the  failure of impeachment attempt. Plus any big scare improves their ratings.
FML — look where my Amazon packaging  from!!!!!!!!! #coronavirus 
Coronavirus has already reached Australia. The Most  Govt Ever doesn’t even know which Minister will be responsible for it in NZ.  …
Rats and live wolf pups on menu at China food market linked to virus outbreak And there is now Coronavirus coz of this! Disgusting!  …
CORONAVIRUS UPDATE DEATHS China 41 CONFIRMED CASES China 1300 US 2 Australia 1 France 3 Nepal 1 Japan 3 Singapore 3 South Korea 2 Taiwan 3 Thailand 5 Vietnam 2 Malaysia 3 (Source: VOA/ AFP)
Conspiracy theorists and anti-vaxxers are spreading misinformation about the coronavirus  
Is this a global emergency? #Coronavirus No - according to the World Health Organisation  
Sichuan sends 138 medics  coronavirus outbreak in #Wuhan more:  
Military medical staff deployed in #Wuhan to battle #coronavirus MORE:  
Coronavirus contagion rate makes it hard to control - studies  
Looks like a hospital to me. #coronavirus 
A 62-year-old Chinese doctor in Wuhan 'at the front line' of the coronavirus outbreak has died after treating patients  …
Coronavirus outbreak: doctor in Wuhan hospital dies as army medics flown in  … THIS is why @cbcwhitecoat chose to interview a nurse who contracted 
Received a very informative briefing from @SecAzar and @DrNancyM_CDC on how well prepared the US is  the Coronavirus. Travelers should heed @CDCgov’s warnings and advisories.
Where have #coronavirus cases been reported?  
How deadly is the ‘2019-nCoV’ #coronavirus? Some experts say it may not be as deadly as other types of coronavirus such as SARS, which killed nearly 800 people worldwide. 
Fresh calls for China to ban sale of exotic animals including snakes and bats for food after deadly coronavirus outbreak 
Flight Attendants are on the front lines of  disease outbreak. That’s why @afa_cwa is engages w/ airlines & world-wide health authorities to share information & put in place measures to mitigate risk & contain exposure. #1u  … #coronavirus  …
Western media outlets can’t even praise China’s rapid response to coronavirus—building a hospital in six days—without inserting a political jab. Props to the BBC/Council on Foreign Relations for shoehorning this in 
the way chenle corrects jisung and tells him the proper mask to use, he's rly paying attention to the news on the coronavirus aaa best boy i can trust  …
Chinese president warns of "accelerating spread" of coronavirus and grave public health situation  
See my post from earlier. News breaking they cured someone with Coronavirus! This is a scam to sell vaccines! Watch...
Security forces in #China's Wuhan, which is under quarantine because of the deadly #coronavirus, try to get presumably sick people into a van by force 
the CoronaVirus is NOT going to stop my drip from being immaculate 
omg coronavirus merch was leaked and i’m kind of stanning 
The next step in this whole Cabal sponsored #coronavirus pandemic is for one of their pharma  to suddenly produce a 'vaccine' which they will insist must be administered to everyone on the planet.
#Coronavirus has now killed at least 42 in #China with #travel restrictions in place for 16 Chinese cities! 1300 cases reported as China's government sends in hundreds of doctors to #Wuhan Meantime #lunarnewyear celebrations cancelled & US has 2 confirmed cases. Covered from 
I do not understand why the majority does not take this seriously? This is not a joke! #coronavirus 
Interesting, listen to this clip. It's a Chinese nurse in #Wuhan talking about the #coronavirus. She says you can't trust the Chinese government, it's much worse than the media is reporting. The gov. have let people down & provided no supplies to help. "People are on their own."  …
Am I at risk of coronavirus even if I've never had a Corona before?
Caused by eating bats my arse! Stop appeasing China! They are the true world enemy not Russia! Officials Once Warned That a Virus Lab in Wuhan – Ground Zero for the Coronavirus – Could Accidentally Release It | Mysterious Universe  …
The State Department has ordered all American employees at the United States Consulate in Wuhan to leave, as a lockdown imposed on central China over the outbreak of the coronavirus expanded. Follow our updates. 
Comment le #coronavirus choisit ses victimes 
Coronavirus 41 deaths in China Confirmed cases of Coronavirus 1,400 China 1 Taiwan 2 U.S. 2 Japan 2 Vietnam 2 France 3 Singapore 2 South Korea 4 Thailand 1 Nepal Plus side: In the U.S. the coronavirus patients are recovering well.
Weeks before lockdown, Wuhan authorities used “refrigerating strategy” to downplay coronavirus - important reporting from ⁦ @nvanderklippe⁩ in  …
A virologist in #Wuhan has been warning that the coronavirus could jump and create a second center of infection, in a major #China city. I didn't want to create panic by reporting this, but the quarantine of all Hubei suggests the virus is traveling fast and that could happen.
#Wuhan, the epicenter of the new #coronavirus pneumonia outbreak, plans to build another 1,300-bed hospital to receive patients to ease the shortage of beds in the city, the local government said on Saturday afternoon.
So who going to be the first person to blame the coronavirus on climate change?
Holy shit. Beijing—the 3rd largest city in the world—announces that it will restrict travel, including suspending domestic and overseas group tours due to the worsening #CoronavirusOutbreak. #coronavirus 
In this era of coronavirus, someone is just sneezing openly in a public place. Felt like knocking the person's head
Tony Ferguson the type of guy to have someone with Coronavirus sneeze in his face just to train his immune system.
Taiwan will be sending all 6000+ Chinese tourists back to China by end of Jan to prevent #coronavirus from further spreading to the Taiwanese Carrie Lam, take notes  …
Willian recovering from coronavirus to play in time for the weekend  
Coronavirus contagion rate makes it hard to control: studies  
Wuhan #Coronavirus: Scientists are unraveling 2019-nCoV with unprecedented speed and openness Uses the same cell entry receptor, ACE2, as SARS to get into human cells SARS and MERS began in bats, moved into another animal, then spread to humans  
“We don’t know how infectious it is, we don’t know how severe it is, and we don’t know how it’s spreading.” China’s coronavirus response is troubled. 
Dead bodies in corridors, police guarding train stations and hospitals crowded with hundreds of people: we verified some videos straight from #Wuhan, ground zero of the #coronavirus.  
While @NPRKelly was preparing for that stellar interview with Pompeo, NPR’s @janearraf was covering huge protests in the streets of Baghdad, and @EmilyZFeng cancelled her vacation to stay in Beijing to cover the scary Coronavirus outbreak. Inspiring people to work with.
2020: - US killing Qassem Soleimani and Iranian retaliation - Iran downs Ukrainian plane - Trump impeachment - Russian PM resigns - New strand of coronavirus - Philippines volcano eruption - Turkey earthquake - Kashmir avalanche - Australian fires - Indonesia floods
Hong Kong is shutting down its schools until February 17 to limit the spread of the Wuhan coronavirus  …
Here is one of the latest analyses of the new coronavirus, with an estimated R0 of 2.6 Remember, though: R0 is just one factor. It's still early, data are  in, and all the statistics are likely to keep changing  …
Report: U.S. Planning To Evacuate Americans From Wuhan Amid Coronavirus Outbreak  … 
Absolutely disturbing video Graphic content !! A patient suffering of #CoronaVirus in Wuhan, China...Praying for the safety of people. Praying that it won't spread around any more #كورونا 
‘"The Chernobyl of Communist China!" Freedomain Interview on the Coronavirus Outbreak’ on #SoundCloud  …
the animals at the Wuhan seafood market on the day of the coronavirus outbreak: 
Considering the alarming spread of Coronavirus in China, this is “food for thought”. When Bill Gates issued his warning about  “super virus” last year, I wondered why. Coincidence? You be the judge.  …
As the number of coronavirus infections continues to grow in China, cases have been confirmed worldwide — including a few in Australia, France and the U.S. Here are the latest updates on the outbreak 
Desperate residents of coronavirus hotspot Wuhan describe 'doomsday' scenes and TWO-DAY queues to see a doctor  #CoronavirusOutbreak
Patient: "Doc I got the coronavirus" Doc: "What are your symptoms?" Patient: "I feel lazy, my hair is turning green, and Im really worried about what the weather will be like in 100 years" Doc: "Its worse than coronavirus, you have Stage 4 Liberalism! We need to operate stat!"
Coronavirus - A Chinese woman was filmed eating a bat after all the warnings that bats are among the carriers of the coronavirus epidemic Is it too much to ask to STOP eating friggin' BATS??? Or mice or snakes? SRSLY?  …
Wuhan Coronavirus Map: Tracking the Spread of the Outbreak — It has now sickened more than 1,300 people worldwide and has spread to the U.S., France, Singapore, Australia, Japan, and other countries  …
Meanwhile, Justin Trudeau takes yet another “personal day.” Coronavirus outbreak: US plans to evacuate Americans from Wuhan  …
Coronavirus outbreak in China.  is located in Shanghai. Umbrella. Biotech. C-virus. Coincidence? I think not. #coronavirus 
This is just the 1st wave of the #Coronavirus, the 2nd wave of the #pandemic begins when the #Coronavirus #vaccine is being administered and we will learn the vaccine will contain a live virus in the coronavirus vaccine and it will it will set off a firestorm of the 2nd wave. 
Coronavirus – Demand for global ban on wild animal markets where LIVE koalas and wolf cubs are sold for foods  …
Getting coronavirus for the clout
coronavirus is in a very serious situation, damn.
Coronavirus Update: Following the money  … As usual whenever the MSM heavily push a scare monger story, there is some sort of scam involved. Either to make Corporate Profits or to Control People, or 
EXCLUSIVE #Coronavirus Bioweapon – How China stole Coronavirus from Canada and weaponized it.  …
China's president Xi Jinping warns killer coronavirus is accelerating  #CoronavirusOutbreak
Pls make yourselves aware #coronavirus #Whuan 
The world is being lied to about the Coronavirus! "There are more than 100,000 infected. The government provides no medical supplies... People are dying right in front of our eyes...Don't EVER trust the government. We are on our own." - Wuhan Medical 
This video tell you all you need to know about the deadly #coronavirus 
Tracking the coronavirus impact on business and travel 
NZ Govt spending $35m to recover some miners’ bones, to show it cares, is too scared or tight to close our border or even implement checks that might disrupt China traffic. Even as Xi Jinping warns Wuhan coronavirus spread is accelerating  …
#China: The hospital staff in Wuhan city wear adult-sized diapers during 4-hour shifts due to time constraints while caring for an overwhelming number of patients diagnosed with the coronavirus ( AFP, January 22nd, Zhongnan hospital). 
We respond to around 10,000 disease outbreaks and health emergencies every year both at home and abroad. This includes emerging threats such as the outbreak of the novel coronavirus in Wuhan, China. Find out more here: 
In Wuhan, China where the coronavirus started all US citizens are being evacuated by the US State Department on a charter flight. The aircraft will have medical personnel to assist people that may be feeling poorly 
Well done Australia. If that doesn't stop the #coronavirus dead in it's tracks, I don't know what will. 
My staff and I are closely monitoring the situation in Lakewood. The @CDCgov’s new report on the coronavirus is very concerning and we must ensure our federal and state agencies are prepared and have the resources needed to address this potential threat to our public health.  …
Marketing execs at Corona Beer celebrating the Coronavirus outbreak 
Daily reminder that SARS killed 774 people, the Coronavirus has killed 25, but the American flu killed about 20k+ last year and infected 17+ million. No one really tracks the American flu the same way, I wonder why Don’t buy into the hype guys.
Chinese President Xi is ordering an urgent response to the rapidly-spreading #coronavirus to prevent further contamination 
why is it that under every single tweet about the coronavirus, there's always someone who thinks it's suddenly okay to be racist
I think it’s fair to say risk the Coronavirus poses is much greater than we r being told. I think it’s also fair to say just bc this is the case, doesn’t mean we r going to have a global pandemic. Remember, Noah is one of few people in history to have gotten this call right...
The number of confirmed coronavirus cases has risen to 1,354. Hong Kong, which has five confirmed cases, is taking precautionary measures against an epidemic by closing schools, cancelling public events, and limiting travel.  …
Heartbreaking scenes from #Wuhan #China 2020: A man infected with the #WuhanCoronovirus tried to escape but security forces returned him into the ambulance van. #CoronavirusOutbreak #nCoV2019 #coronavirus 
Unregulated markets are where deadly viruses like the Coronavirus begin. They gotta go.  …
The news about this China coronavirus outbreak has people worried. Re-upping my story about secret warehouses of the USG for deployment in a bioterrorism or nuclear attack, or against an infectious disease outbreak. The Strategic National Stockpile. 
The BBC has blamed the spread of the Coronavirus on Donald Trump, Brexit and the Russians
i really hope handong and her family are safe from the coronavirus:(
The first batch of medical workers from Jiangsu Province bring medical resources and instant noodles on a trip to central China's Wuhan to fight the new #coronavirus pneumonia 
Girls that make hula hoop trick videos on Instagram are the source of the coronavirus, I just know they a biohazard because they don’t shower
We need to shut down all air travel to and from China. It’s time. Until China gets a handle on this Coronavirus crisis, we can’t risk further travel. Further travel is a public health risk and a national security risk we shouldn’t take. The potential consequences are too risky.
My heart goes out to millions of families whose cherished gatherings and festivities have been disrupted by the coronavirus tragedy. It's frankly stunning the lack of basic empathy in Western coverage in favor of rumors, Sinophobia, and state dept political agendas
If the coronavirus hits the U.S. like it’s hitting Asia, how much faith do you have in a science-denying, department depleted, Caucasian favoring, ass-backward Trump government to save us?
The US government is arranging a charter flight to evacuate diplomats from the Chinese city that has  ground zero for a new deadly strain of coronavirus, a US official said 
"Save my life, doctor!" Videos show how the coronavirus outbreak in China has overwhelmed hospitals. More than 1,300 cases have been confirmed across the country and at least 41 people have died. Follow the latest here:  
CGTN reporters arrive in #Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak 
In the month and a half since the Wuhan coronavirus emerged as a new disease, it has killed 41 people so far. During that same time period,  flu has killed almost 80,000. We must take all new diseases seriously and be vigilant while keeping everything in perspective too
When she get the #coronavirus but you still tryna fuck 
„they say the coronavirus is deadly and might kill 65 million people but i‘ve already been dead inside since the day you left me“ 
The medical journal @TheLancet published a study on Friday suggesting that people infected with the #coronavirus might be able to spread it even if they do not have symptoms. #CoronaOutbreak #nCoV2019  
Earlier today, I was able to speak with @chrismartenson regarding coronavirus. His PhD in pathology and neurotoxicology makes him uniquely qualified to discuss the risks of this outbreak. This is a FREE PUBLIC link so please be sure to listen and forward.  …
#HongKong police gets to enjoy paid overtime for beating up & firing teargas & rubber bullets at citizens While #Hongkong nurses are forced to use their own annual leave to self-quarantine in the event of a suspected #Coronavirus infection & risk their lives to save  …
 has the patent to the coronavirus vaccine? 
TRACK CONFIRMED CORONAVIRUS CASES IN REAL-TIME: Johns Hopkins University Center for Systems Science & Engineering launched tracking map website of the Wuhan coronavirus (2019-nCoV) as it appears to be spreading around the globe in real-time  #coronavirus 
'TERRIFYING VIDEO' of medical staff fainting from #CoronaOutbreak. And also, supermarkets  empty, as panic ensues over the spread of the deadly #CoronaVirus in #Wuhan: May Allah protect 
BREAKING Malaysia confirms 4th case of #coronavirus. The first 3 cases are from the same family, while this 4th case is independent from that. All four patients are residents of #wuhan #china, and entered Malaysia via Singapore, in Johor Bahru. 
#Coronavirus explained: Here's what you should know 
Due to the coronavirus in China should there be a travel ban in the U S? Please vote\ retweet #coronoavirus #Tcot #SaturdayThoughts #KAG2020 #Poll #CoronaOutbreak
Following confirmed cases of novel #coronavirus in Europe, @WHO_Europe has released a statement on the need for countries and the  to prepare together as one 
Interesting details on what DNA detectives know about Chinese coronavirus: It probably circulates harmlessly among bats, jumped to another animal, mutated, then jumped to a single human, probably in November.  
Donald Trump is busy evacuating Americans from China. Justin Trudeau is taking another “personal day”. #coronavirus 
Watching CDC say the #coronavirus isn’t a global threat. 
So unvaccinated children need to be kept out of schools- meanwhile the “deadly coronavirus” that’s affecting millions in China hasn’t provoked a travel ban to & from China .... Tell me again how those in charge of public health care about your health?
So I talked with my financial advisor this morning about the coronavirus. They said nothing to be worried about and BTFD.
Waking up this morning to the news that even MACAU is closing their borders on Jan 27!! And yet Hong Kong is still not doing it. Carrie? Helloooo?? #coronavirus Full:  
ALERT: Great read! There are now reported cases of Coronavirus near MEXICO in CA. Coronavirus Patented to UK Pirbright institute with Gates Foundation as the key donor, but ends up in China? And Gates recently tweeted a plague like virus will hit the world!  …
Lots of fear about coronavirus transmission this morning. Remember it's still early--numbers can change & we're working w/  data. 4 analyses are out w/ similar results, but they're still over a range from ~1.4 to 4.0 incl confidence intervals. /1  …
No, you do not have #Coronavirus. You need to be in human contact to contract the virus and we know you don't leave your room
The medical journal ⁦ @TheLancet⁩ published a study on Friday suggesting that people infected with the #coronavirus may be able to spread it even if they do not have symptoms. Xi Warns of ‘Grave Situation’  …
2020 so far; - “world war 3” - iran plane crash - australian bushfires - volcanic eruptions - earthquake in indonesia - jakarta flood - wuhan coronavirus outbreak these happened within a month and we got 11 months to go 
coronavirus getting ready to serve in USA next week 
Alarmist tweets about the coronavirus outbreak have a k-factor of 3.8, a virality coefficient never before seen in the wild.
The photo is from China for nurses taking care of patients infected with with a deadly Coronavirus. Nurses in front line, taking risks to save lives of patients @WHO 
This is a patient who had a fever of 120°F in the Wuhan hospital a few days ago, convulsing. #Wuhan #coronavirus 
*CoronaVirus* Epidemic, Video from China. Very Sad and shocking. The people of #Wuhan are literally dropping all over the city. Like something out of a horror movie.... Please share this msg around your friends and relatives for their 
US cities on high alert as two coronavirus cases are confirmed and 63 people are tested  …
‘Coronavirus' surges to #1 on the CDC's Top Outbreaks with +22 Cases (800 W.W). It  their highest peaking outbreak to date. 
fav ou t’attrape le coronavirus 
I saw a Facebook post where a guy said the spreading coronavirus is part of a fake campaign or “predictive programming” because Bill Gates bought a  So, we’ll be forced to get more vaccines . Smdh
With genetic code of #Wuhan virus in hand, scientists begin work on a vaccine. In 3 months, they expect to be testing the 1st of a number of potential experimental vaccines against the new #nCoV2019 #nCoV #coronavirus that is spreading in China & beyond.  
Xi Jinping warned of the 'grave situation' created by the 'accelerating' spread of coronavirus  …
The Philippines is suspending all flights from Wuhan City, considered to be ground zero for the new coronavirus which has so far killed 41 and infected more than 1200 people in mainland China.  …
Your timeline full of a certain thread freaking out about coronavirus? Read this instead @ferrisjabr corrects errors & adds important context. Bottom line: if you’re worried about #nCoV2019 but not measles or the flu, you’re doing it wrong. Go get your flu shot!  …
i can't believe some ppl are insensitive enough to crack jokes abt the coronavirus y'all don't know how severe it is the number of infections is way higher than the resources available to treat it and millions of people's lives are affected due to the lockdown of the cities
Huh... "Bill Gates thinks  disease could kill 30 million people within 6 months — and says we should prepare for it as we do for war"  from the guy who owns the patent on the #coronavirus.  …
/rlt/ #CoronaVirus #CoronaOutbreak please RETWEET this to spread awareness and donʼt forget to inform your families & 
due to coronavirus outbreak, qcyn2 staff will delay their recording schedule and take care of trainees by checking the girls temperature 3 times a day. If there'a any of them feeling unwell, they'll treated by doctor. Staff also reminds fansite to take care if themself too
China is building a hospital in 10 days to deal with the Coronavirus epidemic. Meanwhile, in America I-35 is going strong on 10 Years 
This #coronavirus outbreak is a perfect example of how and why science  trustworthy gorvernment matter most for public health. When we don’t trust our gov’t to follow science  transparently, ppl suffer.
Maybe it’s just me, but whenever I hear coronavirus I always imagine someone drinking too many beers and getting sunburned in Mexico.
BREAKING US to evacuate citizens from Wuhan over coronavirus outbreak as China issues urgent warning China’s president warns virus is ‘accelerating’ and country faces ‘grave situation  …
3 Israelis hospitalized with flu-like symptoms as coronavirus fears mount | The Times of Israel  …
Update #coronavirus #coronaOutbreak: - 56 million under travel restrictions in China - #Wuhan building 2 mobile hospitals, 1000 & 1300 bed - 4 cases in Australia - Hong Kong shut down all schools next 2 weeks - US evacuating diplomats - China's leader warns virus  …
Am I the only one freaked out by the spreading of the Coronavirus worldwide? This is what I get for watching a million horror movies that start just like this...
Asia and literally the rest of the world: Take health precautions! Remember wash your hands! Face mask! Coronavirus is dangerous!. Colombia : 
Any surgical mask will help prevent the spread of #coronavirus However, 3M N95 sanding respirator* will filter out 95% of everything, making it far better at keeping the wearer from getting sick than standard surgical masks.  …
#BREAKING Coronavirus is spreading in Xinjiang where China has imprisoned millions of Uyghurs.
The flu virus has killed thousands and infected millions this year but y’all still won’t get your flu shot......but yeah keep talking about coronavirus  …
Breaking: Trump condemns Coronavirus as anti-Semitic. Assures Israel that all US resources are at their disposal to stop coronacaust  …
The U.S. is planning to evacuate Americans from the Chinese city at the center of the coronavirus outbreak, says a person familiar with the matter 
The WHO has not yet declared a global health emergency over the new coronavirus: Almost all confirmed cases are in China Most deaths have occurred in Wuhan or Hubei province Most cases worldwide confirmed as being linked to travel to Wuhan/China 
Anyone else play the game Plague, Inc.? Been thinking about it as global response to the coronavirus mounts.
Everything is under control in China. #coronavirus 
#coronavirus Doctors warn coronavirus carriers may show no symptoms of illness CAT scan showed coronavirus on 10-year-old Shenzhen boy’s lungs even though he had no outward signs of infection Strict quarantine is ‘crucial’ to containing outbreak  …
VIDEO: Victim of #coronavirus shakes uncontrollably, left seeking attention in the corridor of a hospital in #Wuhan.  #wuhanvirus #PRC #ChineseNewYear #LunarNewYear #China
US to evacuate its diplomats and ~1000 Americans from #Wuhan – the epicentre of a deadly #coronavirus outbreak 
UPDATE: China's number of confirmed #coronavirus cases rises to 1,372, says state broadcaster  
We are continuing to monitor the Wuhan coronavirus closely and are taking all necessary steps to protect the public We  31 precautionary tests and there are no confirmed cases in the UK. The NHS remains well prepared and well equipped to deal with all eventualities
China's Wuhan to build second designated hospital to treat coronavirus patients: state media  
With 2 confirmed cases in the U.S. and at least 35 million people quarantined in China, here’s what you need to know about the deadly coronavirus outbreak 
Coronavirus is causing panic. People desperately trying to avoid infection. I wish people made similar efforts to avoid the poverty virus, by refusing to go into debt for flimsy things like clothes, and cutting their coat according to their cloth #FreeLeahSharibu #RenosNuggets
| Scientists just confirmed that if you stream "The Man" by Taylor Swift you will be safe/cured from the Coronavirus 
The 2020 Coronavirus Outbreak – What We Know So Far A #live conversation between Dr. Anthony Fauci ( @NIAIDNews) & JAMA editor Howard Bauchner 17:00 CST on Mon, Jan 27. Read Dr. Fauci’s Coronavirus viewpoint. #coronavirusoutbreak #publichealth 
graphic believed that this video was filmed in hospital #Wuhan the city locked down in China due to outbreak of #coronavirus patients who go a bed on corridor are considered as lucky. hospitals in Wuhan are running out essential supply. Gov helps nothing 
I am very curious how the pre-print haters feel about @biorxivpreprint now that it is playing a staring role in understanding the coronavirus outbreak  …
#Wuhan building new hospital specially for coronavirus patients  
China has confirmed 1,372 people have been infected with coronavirus and 41 people have died 
This online dashboard shows all confirmed, suspected and recovered coronavirus patients, as well as deaths.  
Looks like #2019nCoV may be getting ready to have an actually name. The disease needs a name too. Even more urgently, I would say. Novel coronavirus induced pneumonia is not an option. ( @bart_haagmans is on the CoV study group of the ICTV, which controls naming of  …
because of a new coronavirus outbreak in ChinaWuhan, various medical supplies are urgently needed. As of the 24th, XiaoZhan fan club has donated more than 1.38 million yuan to Wuhan! 
China cranks up protective equipment supplies to fight new coronavirus  
I love karma: Origin of the Chinese coronavirus: "Poorly regulated live-animal markets mixed with illegal wildlife trade offer a unique opportunity for viruses to spill over from wildlife hosts into the human population." 
The Hong Kong government that's scrambling to deal with the coronavirus outbreak is one that's facing historically low levels of public trust. During SARS, 43% of HKers said they don't trust the govt. Now 64% say they don't trust the govt.  
[MEDIA] #BTSV warns fans about Coronavirus + Launch relief projects from fans BTSV is one of the many artists who never hesitate to talk about topics and give a helping hand to those in need.  on an ARMYs post who urged everyone to be careful  …
‘As long as we have steadfast confidence, work together, rely on scientific prevention and cures, and precise policies, we will definitely be able to win the battle’- President Xi #Coronavirus 
This is a patient who had a fever of 120 in the Wuhan Red Cross Hospital (Wuhan Eleventh Hospital) a few days ago, convulsing! #coronavirus #coronoavirus #CoronaOutbreak #CoronavirusOutbreak #WuhanCoronovirus #wuhanvirus 
Iranian FM:In the fight against the new coronavirus epidemic, the Chinese govt. responded in a timely&decisive manner, and people from all over the country are united in their hearts, so that people are confident that China will win the war of epidemic prevention and control.  …
Reading about coronavirus on my way to work. Relatedly, vaccinate your children and get a flu shot because there are  diseases that are preventable and more containable that shouldn’t be  the way they are right now.
Chinese president warns of "accelerating spread" of coronavirus and grave public health situation  
coronavirus? no thanks i don’t drink
*Pandemonium on Jawi.* Bleeding hearts: why not talk about HK protest? Aussie fire? Shows these people live in a bubble. *Pandemonium on Wuhan coronavirus* Bleeding hearts: Racists. Fearmongers. We believe in KKM!
A Chinese doctor in Wuhan, the epicenter of the #nCoV outbreak, died after treating patients. The #Wuhan #coronavirus has killed 41 people & infected ~1,300, causing the Chinese government to quarantine at least 12 cities, & >33 million people.  
We cannot fully fathom the catastrophic disease risk of concentrated full-animal production— the fountainhead for pox viruses, avian flu, mad cow, and swine fever. In the largest market, China, 55% of pigs died last year. And now the #coronavirus Nature abhors an overpopulation. 
1/ GREAT NUGGETS of wisdom from Doug Noland's post...gets me thinking on Saturdays. FIRST, is #coronavirus just usual media fearmongering or a tragedy that could prick the huge credit bubble? Just as banks can stay liquid LONG after they're insolvent...  …
#NSTnation One more positive #coronavirus case in #Malaysia, bringing total to  …
New leak from what's happening in China #coronavirus #Wuhan  
China coronavirus: number infected hits 1,400 worldwide – live updates  …
#coronavirus A #Chinese nurse in #Wuhan posted this video telling the truth about what is happening there with the #CoronavirusOutbreak - The picture of the situation is not pretty  …
The US is planning to evacuate Americans from the Chinese city that has  ground zero for a new deadly strain of coronavirus, according to The Wall Street Journal 
The Chinese government forced the host of a TV show which popularized eating bats to apologize in the aftermath of the coronavirus outbreak, which scientists have linked to the consumption of wild animals.  … #coronoavirus
The year is 2023 The coronavirus has wiped out humankind A lone server in the basement of the NY Fed building continues to bid the Dow Jones to new all time highs Tweet by @QTRResearch LOL
what I picture happening if someone confirms they have coronavirus 
[MEDIA] #BTSV alerts fans on Coronavirus. He responded to a fan on Weverse to be healthy,safety first since they can get sick without knowing, & to be careful-the 1st member to spread awareness & expressed concern to fans about it. #Taehyung  …
Coronavirus infection count rises as countries race to contain its spread 
. @MauraMoynihan1: China’s global influence and Asian travel domination is a perfect gateway for #CoronaVirus to spread Spread of this throughout Asia is going to  a much larger story over next few weeks #ChinaCoronaVirus Listen & watch 
US President:"China has been working very hard to contain the Coronavirus. The United States greatly appreciates their efforts and transparency. It will all work out well. In particular, on behalf of the American People, I want to thank President Xi!"  …
'TERRIFYING VIDEO' of medical staff fainting from #CoronaOutbreak. And also, supermarkets  empty, as panic ensues over the spread of the deadly #CoronaVirus in #Wuhan: #CoronavirusOutbreak | 
A new coronavirus spreading rapidly in China has now killed at least 41 people. 1,400+ confirmed cases worldwide Australia and Malaysia reported their first cases Virus now detected in 11 other countries + Hong Kong 18 cities in China under transport lockdown 
So what if coronavirus runs amok in China and the east? What are the implications for the global economy? We are living in interesting times. Climate change is the least of our worries.
Owing to the outbreak of novel coronavirus in Wuhan,China. ARTISTKIM has donated 12600 pieces of disposable medical caps and 12600RMB on behalf of Kim Jaejoong’s fans on Jan,26th,2020. PLEASE PRAY FOR WUHAN！ @bornfreeonekiss 
The US is planning to evacuate Americans from the Chinese city that has  ground zero for a new deadly strain of coronavirus, according to The Wall Street Journal 
As the number of cases increases, conspiracy theorists spread rumours about the origins of the Wuhan #coronavirus  … #nCoV2019
Coronavirus: 50m people in China under new year lockdown  …
"How deadly is the new #coronavirus?" This is the "case-fatality rate"#of dead/total #infected Currently, it appears to be 4%, but it's WAY too early. Some (mild illness) do not seek medical attention, deaths lag infections, poor reporting... #2019nCoV  …
UPDATE: Number of confirmed coronavirus cases in China rises to 1,372, death toll remains at 41: State broadcaster  
The Health Ministry has confirmed another positive Coronavirus case, bringing the total number of cases detected to four. The 40 year old man from Wuhan exhibited symptoms a day after arriving in Johor Bahru, from Singapore. Currently, he is in stable condition.
The Taiwanese slogan 'It's your country, it's up to you to save it' is taking on new connotations w/the coronavirus outbreak. Tweet says 'Taiwan can only depend on itself; maybe our capabilities will exceed that of WHO member countries & at least we won't be lied to [by China]'  …
China says it has a total of 1,372 cases of the coronavirus nationally with 41 people having died, as of 6 p.m. local time
"It doesn't feel like the New Year!" Fears over the deadly #coronavirus mount in China, as authorities close tourist attractions and cancel events to prevent further contagion from a disease that has killed dozens and infected more than 1,000  
Chinese President #XiJinping: Control of new #coronavirus is currently the primary task More:  
Dear friends, here are some key facts about #Coronavirus. This was recently reported in some countries like China, which put us as Uganda on a high alert. Screening for the same is actively on at @EntebbeAirport. Please share for everyone to know #Ourhealth 
Re #coronavirus, if China says things are under control, they aren't. China lies as consistently as US media does, which is to be expected since both are leftist control freaks re info.
Your Mom spreads faster than the #Coronavirus
scientists: coronavirus is serious gen z: ok lol scientists: it could spread to the u.s. gen z: ok lol scientists: no like you could die dude gen z: promise?
. @China's "Coronavirus" will officially impact US soil on January 26th. 
As of midnight (just under 30 minutes time) all privately owned cars will be banned from travelling on the roads within Urban Areas of #Wuhan, #China in continued efforts to stop the spread of #CoronaVirus. It is unclear if this is residental areas too.
Yo Rey, where'd you say that coronavirus was from? 
#Wuhan says it will build not one pre-fab hospital.. but two! Second will have 1,300 beds for #coronavirus patients. To be finished “within half a month,” #China state media says. (Vid of construction of first hospital quite  …
I know mainstream media *can* be skeptical of governments. Every time I hear segments on the coronavirus, they always include something like “but can we trust what China officials are saying?” “They have incentive to lie” Like damn bring that energy to covering Trump & cops plz
Xi Jinping mobilizes for a "blocking war" against the epidemic, tour groups suspended...The story of China's coronavirus epidemic is moving fast into full-blown crisis, and you can read about it at our live briefing.  
China coronavirus: UK  back negative 
Just to put things into perspective: Recent outbreak of coronavirus in China has had meaningful impact on bonds as safe-haven flows drove yields lower. Declines are similar to past such episodes (SARS, H1N1, H7N9), which proved to be short-lived; over about 3-4weeks, Goldman says 
where did the coronavirus originate: 
Lunar New Year festivities have been canceled as dozens die of the Wuhan coronavirus. Live updates: 
You want to see why there is  out of these countries???? Take a close look at this meal !!! Coronavirus is dropping people in their tracks!! #TornadoTrump 
Wuhan today #Wuhan #coronavirus 
Beijing News are reporting that tomorrow, all inter-provincial (interstate) road passenger transport into/from Beijing will be shut down indefinitely "to prevent and control the new coronavirus pneumonia epidemic".  …
-Buys face mask on shopee after hearing about the coronavirus -Face mask shipped from China 
President Xi Jinping says #China confronting a grave situation amid an "accelerating spread" of #coronavirus #2019nCoV.
How to wear a mask. Stay save everbody. #coronavirus 
Outbreak of deadly coronavirus linked to wildlife market that sold snakes prompts renewed calls for sale and consumption of exotic species to stop  #coronavirusoutbreak
Activision-Blizzard has banned 20 professional gamers for speaking negatively about the Chinese coronavirus.
One thing i love About @Nissan GTR is the solid engine it has..pls listen to sound with a loud earplugs and tell me what you think Chine #ProudOfBTSAlways kindly follow me your No1 Nigerian AUTOMOBILE INFLUENCER AND CHECK MY PINNED TWEETS!!!! #كورونا #coronavirus 
Breaking News: China ordered the suspension of tours abroad after 15 new coronavirus deaths in Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak. President Xi Jinping warned of an “accelerating” crisis. Follow live updates: 
MORE SCARY  out of China as CoronaVirus quickly spreads. It has spread to at least 7 nation's thus far with no vaccine or cure this could turn into an epidemic! 
Malaysia : *coronavirus outbreak* Twitfamous : reply tweet ni dengan screenshot wallpaper anda, list lelaki single 2020, player hoki hensem They really dun give a f
#UPDATE President Xi Jinping warns China is facing a "grave" situation as authorities take urgent action to halt the spread of a deadly #coronavirus that has killed 41 people and is overwhelming hospitals in Wuhan  
I never doubt that China will conquer difficulties. On the 1. day of SpringFestival, President Xi chaired a meeting&decided to set up a CPC Central Committee leading group to cope with #coronavirus, emphasizing that all Chinese are the strong backing for people in epidemic areas. 
#Israeli citizen collapsed following a return from #China - he has since been admitted to Shiba Hospital and is my suspected of having Coronavirus ( @ignis_fatum)
CORONAVIRUS: China’s Leader Xi Jinping warns of ‘GRAVE SITUATION as disease spreads at “accelerating spread”: Honk Kong closes schools. Video emerges of bodies piling up at hospital (watch) #Coronavirus  
If you're worried about coronavirus, wait until I tell you about this thing called "the flu", which infected and 45 million people and killed about over 61,000 in 2018. Get your damn flu shot.
In anonymous note to legislator, a Hong Kong health worker says patient suspected with #WuhanPneumonia tried to escape isolation ward. Patient assaulted medic by wrapping ventilator pipe around medic’s neck and tore mask from medic, threaten to spread #coronavirus #nCoV 
#Breaking: New evidence suggests Wuhan authorities deliberately downplayed the coronavirus and banned doctors from speaking publicly about it, @nvanderklippe 
A 62-year-old Chinese doctor in Wuhan 'at the front line' of the coronavirus outbreak has died after treating patients  …
While we must remain aggressive against spread of Wuhan #coronavirus, don't forget #fluvax. CDC estimates that so far this season there have been at least 15 million #flu illnesses, 140,000 hospitalizations and 8,200 deaths including 54 children
The coronavirus outbreak has now sickened more than 1,300 people worldwide and has spread to the U.S., France, Singapore, Australia and Japan. Here's how it's spread and what's being done to contain the outbreak: 
Prayers for all the innocent Footage Shows Hospital In China Flooded With Hundreds Of Patients Amid Deadly Coronavirus Outbreak  …
So are we in the “WE ARE ALL GONNA DIE” stage of the Coronavirus story?
China's Wuhan is under attack by #CoronaVirus. Pakistan stands by our Chinese brethren in these testing times as always. This shall pass too. We R ready to help @Cathaypacific @zlj517
Kind of embarrassing how much of the online panic about the coronavirus seems to be steeped in a lot of misinformation and anti-Chinese racism.
URGENT: #Israel - #coronavirus: first suspected case in Israel. A person has fainted with flu like symptoms - has history of recently visiting China. #Wuhan #WuhanCoronovirus #ChinaVirus
Novel #coronavirus outbreak in #China: Travel advisory to travelers visiting China. 24*7 Call Centre/Helpline number is active for any query on #nCoV. @PMOIndia @drharshvardhan @AshwiniKChoubey @PIB_India @NITIAayog @MoCA_GoI @MEAIndia 
Chinese President Xi held a politburo meeting on fighting the #coronavirus outbreak, saying China is facing a grave situation and the coronavirus is accelerating its spread, according to state broadcaster.
The latest on the coronavirus outbreak: —41 people have died in China —President Xi Jinping called it "grave situation" —The U.S. ordered the evacuation of American employees from its consulate in Wuhan, the outbreak's epicenter Follow live updates: 
Today, we donated ¥6100 to Hubei Charity Federation (湖北省慈善总会) in order to help the Coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan. Hope the outbreak is contained soon and pray for the safety of all 
Employees at a mask factory in Zhijiang, central China's Hubei Province give up their holidays to ensure mask supplies amid the novel #coronavirus outbreak 
#coronavirus in action. 
#Coronavirus live update: #China’s leader warns of ‘ACCELERATING SPREAD’ of VIRUS 48 million people were ordered on lockdown in central China with a travel ban covering 15 cities in the central #Hubei province Schools now closed in #HongKong  …
“We should rename influenza; call it XZ-47 virus, or something scarier” -- @DrPaulOffit. The coronavirus from Wuhan is new and looks serious, but so far it's nowhere near as dangerous as the flu. Smart story by @LizSzabo of @KHNews  … via @usatoday
The Department of Health and Social Care says it has carried out 31 tests for Coronavirus in the UK and all were confirmed negative but will continue to monitor the situation
BREAKING: at a special government meeting on the Lunar New Year holiday, Chinese President Xi warns that the spread of the deadly new #coronavirus is "accelerating,” and #China is facing a "grave situation.” @thespybrief  …
This Coronavirus could probably be a BioWar as showed in this film. Probably few countries funded to produce this virus and let it out . Probably they alr have that cure for it. That cure will be a rising industry meanwhile. Just business. Mindfucked?  …
#MyHouseMyAmerica Vote #Trump2020 #Veterans #KAG China Update: Some Predictions Indicate Wuhan Coronavirus Could Turn Into Major Pandemic #WWG1WGA Always #2A41A #Patriots Together We  …
#China has quarantined 35 million people in an effort to contain the deadly #coronavirus. Will that work?  …
This is a good background and stats on the Coronavirus. 
China's president Xi Jinping warns killer coronavirus is accelerating 
Breaking news: Chinese President Xi warns of "accelerating spread" of Wuhan coronavirus and "grave" public health situation 
The increasing spread and seriousness of #Coronavirus is being blogged about @nytimes- I am posting screen shots and will also add links from other sources. Knowledge is 
The Wuhan coronavirus has hit #EastTurkestan, where #China has imprisoned at least millions of #Uyghur #Muslims. Its filthy detention camps will make inmates sitting ducks. The development is  …
#Coronavirus symptoms and risks - all you need to know  
Xi orders  and governments at all levels take novel coronavirus outbreak prevention and control as the top priority of their work  
Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister chairs a high level meeting on Coronavirus outbreak 
#coronavirus New #China wide travel restrictions But the rest of the world receives plane loads of #Chinese tourists. Oh yes, they check the temperature of arriving passengers, but with an incubation period of 14 days, that will only detect those already having  …
While there are two suspected cases of Coronavirus at IDH (which is yet to be CONFIRMED) I thought I'll share some information about the disease. The best way to prevent such outbreaks is to be informed. There is no reason to panic when you are well informed, so here goes!
UPDATE on #coronavirus testing in the UK: As of 2PM on Saturday 25 January 2020, a total of 31 tests have concluded: 31 were confirmed negative 0 positive Updated data will be published at 2PM daily until further notice. For latest information visit  
NAILED IT Medical epidemiologists are somewhat like hurricane trackers — trying to predict where/when/how severe an outbreak (or hurricane) will be. Scientists examine data and make evidence-based conclusions. And the data for #coronavirus thus far is VERY concerning.  …
Coronavirus is a big topic. In the subtropical regions, spring is the season highly risky of virus-related diseases: flu (outbreaking in US now), SARS, MERS... We all remember SARS. It began in November 2002, and ended in May 2003. #ไวรัสโคโรน่า #ไวรัสอู่ฮั่น #coronavirus 
Please we need to postpone their fanmeeting due to outbreak of CORONAVIRUS in Korea. Please spread awareness to protect Hangyul and Dohyun. I also suggest for the other artists to postpone their actvities. @POCKETDOLZ. #모든_아티스트_스케줄_취소해 #포켓돌즈_팬미팅_미뤄
Hati2 yah gaisss stay healthy #VirusCorona #coronavirus 
#Beijing just declared a first level emergency response. All interstate transportation services going in and out of Beijing are suspended beginning tomorrow. #Wuhan #Beijing #CoronaVirus #CoronaOutbreak 
We've got Coronavirus, all we need now is an outbreak of lyme disease and we're set.
Coronavirus ALERT: The mountain roads around Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province, are blocked. More than 59 million people are isolated from the world. Already 41 dead and 3 cases in France. The incubation period for the virus is 15 days. #Wuhan#coronavirus#Virus 
This why they got that damn coronavirus now  …
Coronavirus: All you need to know about symptoms and risks  
Construction of a new specialized hospital for novel #coronavirus patients in #Wuhan, Hubei province enters second day. 1,000 beds will be set and the hospital is to be put into use on February 
Malaysia confirms first cases of coronavirus infection  
National Institute of Virology labs fully equipped to test Coronavirus. All state and district health authorities alerted: Sources
US warned virus could 'escape' from lab near coronavirus epicentre  … @MetroUKから
Nipah Virus is from... bats. Ebola Virus is from... bats. Marburg Virus is from... bats. Hanta Virus is from... bats. SARS is from... bats. MERS is from... bats. Coronavirus is from... bats. People in Wuhan were eating... 
72 railway stations in central China's Hubei have closed out-bound railway by Jan 25th, in an effort to curb the spread of a novel #coronavirus. 
Latest Wuhan seafood market pneumonia coronavirus timeline. Tell me what missing. 
A randomized, open-label, blank-controlled trial for the efficacy and safety of lopinavir-ritonavir and interferon-alpha 2b in hospitalization patients with novel coronavirus infection.
Wuhan hospital doctor, 62, dies after contracting deadly coronavirus while battling to save infected patients as 1,200 medics fly in to fight outbreak 
“We don’t know how infectious it is, we don’t know how severe it is, and we don’t know how it’s spreading.” China’s coronavirus response is troubled. 
Held a meeting with sr officers of @MoHFW_India @ICMRDelhi & @NCDCgov to review preparedness reg prevention & management of Novel Coronavirus #nCoV .We’re taking all necessary measures as abundant precautions. #Novel @PMOIndia 
The plane reportedly is heading straight to the US, but the exact location is unknown. I would expect that EVERY passenger on this flight would be placed under quarantine until confirmed to be uninflected with #coronavirus. cc @CDCgov  …
Just A Coincidence? A U.S. Patent For ‘An Attenuated Coronavirus’ Was Filed In 2015 And Granted In 2018  via @Revelation1217
China Update: Some Predictions Indicate Wuhan Coronavirus Could Turn Into Major Pandemic  … via @gatewaypundit
The skinny on coronavirus from New England Journal of Medicine ... Not as deadly as some plagues, but far more spreadable than most (no sore throat, you don’t know you’re sick until too late, hard to test lungs en masse).  …
Chinese President Xi warms the Coronavirus is accelerating and that China is facing a grave situation #China #Coronavirus  …
Coronavirus is the viral infection 
Summary 1/8 - Self-sustaining human-to-human transmission of novel coronavirus (2019-nCov) is the only plausible explanation of the scale of the outbreak in Wuhan. We estimate that on average each case infected 2.6 (uncertainty range: 1.5-3.5) other people up to 18th January 2020
#Beijing will suspend all inter-province shuttle buses starting January 26 to better handle the #coronavirus outbreak, local media reported, citing Beijing authorities. Services within the city will not be affected. It is not yet known when inter-province services will resume. 
2 including a Chinese woman admitted to IDH Hospital in Colombo on suspicion of being infected with Coronavirus. Medicle Samples sent to Medical Research institute
Please spread these hashtags! WayV has a cafe event on the 31st and NCT Dream has dates for The Dream Show in Macau. We need SM’s attention in order to cancel these events due to the coronavirus.  first always! #웨이션브이_당장_입국시켜 #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜
Dear #NCTZENS, please beware of the new novel- #coronavirus, here are some infos you may read to make sure you are aware and understand about the infos of #coronavirus itself. [continued below] 
The thing that worries me most about the coronavirus is not my own safety or the temporary hit to Chinese GDP... I am most concerned if it finds its way into a truly impoverished, urban, emerging market setting like Delhi or Lagos who aren’t equipped to fight it.
More pictures of an empty Wuhan sent by friends in Hubei. #coronavirus 
A husband and wife Chinese spy team were recently removed from a Level 4 Infectious Disease facility in Canada for sending pathogens to the Wuhan facility. The husband specialized in coronavirus research. #coronaviruschina  …
Coronavirus: Xi Jinping warns of 'grave situation' as spread accelerates through China – live  …
Chinese President #XiJinping said the control and prevention of the new #coronavirus is the most important task for the country at the present stage. A CPC Central Committee leading group is set up to oversee the work. 
We’re past ‘if’ on the coronavirus. We’re on to ‘how bad will it be?’ — my latest for ⁦  …
MERS coronavirus has very low person-to-person transmission. Also, it would only occur when you inhale a large number of virions. Meanwhile this new coronavirus has high human-to-human transmission. So it's an  to start with  …
China expands coronavirus outbreak lockdown to 56 million people  …
A tribute to medical workers in Wuhan who are working 24/7 to take care of huge inflow of infected people. This is not to forget that it’s time for new year which is the biggest annual holiday in China. These people r real heroes. #WuhanCoronovirus #WuhanPneumonia #coronavirus 
Absolutely! Way overdue! #ShutDown #WetMeatMarket #StopDogCatMeatTrade #UnHygienic . @WHO . @CHPAMS . @UNEP_AsiaPac #CoronaVirus #Wuhan #SouthKorea #CleanUp What are you waiting for! Calls for global ban on wild animal markets amid coronavirus outbreak  …
I dont have coronavirus stop 
Some good news on your timeline ,Chinese authorities announce first cured coronavirus patient ,discharged from hospital in shanghai #coronoavirus #WuhanCoronovirus #wuhanvirus 
Coronavirus: China to build two Wuhan hospitals in under three weeks  …
What’s the big difference between the coronavirus outbreak and SARS? China didn’t have a high-speed rail networks, nearly the degree of urbanization, or a mobile middle class. There are many more pollinators this time.
This youtube video of the same lady provides a translation, it has been viewed 1.7M times, The translation is as confirmed in this thread. 90,000+ infected with #coronavirus, this is much more serious than the SARS or MERS outbreaks.! 
K media | Jungkook China, BTS Jungkook’s Chinese fanbase, announced on Monday that they organized emergency fundraiser and delivered 52,000 Yuan (7,500 USD) to Wuhan, the Chinese city stricken by the novel coronavirus. In addition to monetary donation, +  
#ไวรัสโคโรน่า #Coronavirus WHO: How to wear mask correctly 
Happy Chinese New Year. Thank you for Coronavirus. 
 to Malaysia coronavirus. A country which you will never be discriminated. Ramai menteri backup  …
BE AWARE RT to create awareness, the virus has no cure #coronavirus 
China's Wuhan will build a second #SARS treatment-model makeshift hospital and put it into use in half a month. #pneumonia #coronavirus 
Outbreaks of lethal diseases like the Wuhan #coronavirus happen regularly. The US government just cut funding for the hospitals that deal with them:  
#UPDATE Hong Kong has declared a new coronavirus outbreak as an "emergency" -- the city's highest warning tier -- as authorities ramped up measures to reduce the risk of further infections. 
Please RT to get the word out Hearing of Indian students in #Wuhan who have about one day of food left. If we are able to leave, you can have all our supplies. We are located at Somerset. Please DM me if you know them or have means to get food to them! #coronaVirus
The key to not getting sick is reducing human contact to zero. I have not been sick in 3.5 years. If all goes to plan gizmo and I will not catch coronavirus
Me making jokes about the coronavirus but then finding out that it’s made it’s way into my state  …
There is a real problem in #Wuhan. It is hard to believe 10 cities and 30M people would be quarantined for just 800 cases of infection by #coronavirus. That is 0.00005% of this regions population. 
"We're running out of hospital supplies ... the supermarkets are out of food." What people are saying inside Wuhan, the city at the center of the coronavirus outbreak. 
Wearing a face mask does help if you do it properly. Seto Wing Hong of Hong Kong University demonstrates the correct way to wear a face mask amid the coronavirus outbreak. 
Healthcare workers in the Chinese city of Wuhan say hospitals are running low on supplies as they struggle to cope with the outbreak of the deadly Wuhan coronavirus. 
Outbreak of deadly coronavirus linked to wildlife market that sold snakes prompts renewed calls for sale and consumption of exotic species to stop  #coronavirusoutbreak
China may have used its status as a major superpower to pressure the World Health Organisation into not declaring international emergency over coronavirus  #coronavirusoutbreak
The Simpson predicted the future again. #coronavirus #coronarovirus #WuhanCoronavirus #Wuhan #China 
Healthcare workers in the Chinese city of Wuhan say hospitals are running low on supplies as they struggle to cope with the outbreak of the deadly Wuhan coronavirus. 
Hong Kong declares coronavirus outbreak an 'emergency'  …
China's Wuhan to build second designated hospital to treat coronavirus patients: state media  
I am inviting all my friends from around the world to join with me in praying for the safety and protection of HK regarding the coronavirus! #coronavirus @FreedomHKG @Stand_with_HK @BeWaterHKG #HongKong @hk_watch @SolomonYue @Fight4HongKong  …
The streets are empty in the small towns of Hubei Province where the #coronavirus outbreak started. 
Coronavirus is allegedly working on a remix of the worldwide hit Shanghai by Nicki Minaj. Are you excited for this collab ? 
Getting questions about #coronavirus - 1)  estimates current risk of coronavirus to U.S. citizens to be LOW 2) 2 confirmed U.S. coronavirus cases, 0 deaths vs 13 MILLION flu cases, over 6000 deaths! 3)Protect yourself w a #flushot and the 3 
Killer coronavirus could be spread through the EYES  …
BREAKING: Beijing will halt bus services entering and leaving the city to help deal with coronavirus outbreak
As if the coronavirus wasn't awful enough it appears the dreaded plagiarism disease is on the loose as well. 
As people in China and around the world celebrate the Lunar New Year, we send our love and support to the many impacted by the Coronavirus. Apple will be donating to groups on the ground helping support all of those affected.
obviously the coronavirus is really serious but probably good to remember that if regular influenza was covered on an infection-by-infection basis with breathless analysis of travel patterns you'd probably never leave the house
If you’re worried about coronavirus, quit smoking first. Poor lungs will surely affect your  In fact if you’re worried about any disease, quit smoking first. And don’t talk about travel bans if you objected to the smoking ban esp on basis of personal freedom #keepitupkkm
New studies suggest that a large number of people could be walking around for days with no symptoms of the coronavirus, spreading the virus to anyone  in close contact. 
Overworked doctors battling deadly coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan are wearing NAPPIES as there is no time for toilet breaks  #coronavirusoutbreak
Full report in Chinese of Standing Committee meeting that Xi Jinping called to response to the coronavirus outbreak. Now there's a new leading group to manage the government's mobilization. What was a localized medical problem a month ago is now a crisis.  
China coronavirus: Stricter measures start Lunar New Year 
The new coronavirus outbreak is a good time to remind people that going to work while sick is an exceptionally antisocial act. It doesn’t signal toughness. It signals sociopathy. If you’ve got a contagious illness, stay home.
Best wishes to everyone celebrating Chinese New Year this weekend. My thoughts are with you & especially with those who are worried about the new #coronavirus. We are working with our partners night & day in & outside to end the outbreak. Together, for a healthier, safer world
Audio allegedly from a medical worker in #Wuhan claiming 100,000 people have been infected with #coronavirus, that the Chinese Gov is not helping and cannot be trusted. "People are dying in front of their eyes" Can anybody please confirm the translation? 
WW3 issue Fire in Australia Flood in Jakarta Coronavirus 2020 been so rough and we’re still in January let’s pray for a better day ahead for you, me, your family, friends, and everyone. We’re all in this together 
We know more about the #coronavirus now. It is 3 times as contagious as  flu, and deadly to about 3% of those who catch it. Be very careful everyone, wherever you are. It's spreading fast. This is from a medical worker in a Wuhan hospital today. 
Warning: Graphic Content Unnerving Leaked Footage From Wuhan, China Of People Literally Dropping In The Streets From Coronavirus China Has Quarantined 35 Million People In 12 Cities 
The country is facing a "grave situation" where the coronavirus is "accelerating its spread," Xi told the meeting #coronavirus
BREAKING NEWS: Leading U.S. health experts predicted coronavirus could kill 65 million people in a year - in chilling warning three months BEFORE the outbreak in China. Scientists at the prestigious Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security made the eerie prediction.
A video taken in #Wuhan shows empty streets and crowded supermarkets. #coronavirus 
Please can someone translate this video? Allegedly it is from a hospital worker in #Wuhan named 'Jingui' claiming 90,000 people have been infected with #coronavirus. Is this what the lady says? 
We dealt with BSE. We'll deal with Coronavirus. As we speak my squad: Apocalypse Delta Force Paintball, are repurposing our weapons to fire Lemsip and Beechams cold and flu. Essex will be safe. I suggest the rest of the UK does the same. #coronavirus
Two parents boarded a plane, abandoning their sick children, at an airport in China amid the coronavirus crisis.  …
[UCC] BTS’s V Shows Concern, Urges Fans To Be Careful Of The Coronavirus  
"Due to the Coronavirus being highly contagious, please consider rescheduling or cancelling the schedule in Macau, in order to prevent the fans and artist from being infected from an enclosed environment" You can use this message to send to the organisers.  …
A nurse in Chengdu, China has her hair cut short before heading to Wuhan to help deal with the novel coronavirus outbreak. 
“Coronavirus” — Worldwide Quarantines: 
Update on novel #coronavirus : A 24*7 NCDC Call Centre is operational to provide support regarding any technical query on #nCoV. Please make note of the Helpline number. @PMOIndia @drharshvardhan @AshwiniKChoubey @MoCA_GoI @AAI_Official @WHOSEARO @PIB_India 
Scientists are unraveling the Chinese coronavirus with unprecedented speed and openness 
 out of Wuhan, China bodies on the street and hospitals jam packed the Coronavirus epidemic is spreading 
The coronavirus outbreak has highlighted clearly what a shit world it would be if led by CCP China. How dumb it is to take our lead from Xi Jinping.
Stop panicking and spreading fake news on the novel coronavirus. It doesn't help anyone. Listen to the authorities and see a doctor if you are sick or were exposed. Don't spread unverified information. #CoronavirusOutbreak #nofakenews 
Coronavirus: Nigeria at risk as 120,000 Chinese nationals visit annually 
Australian fires Iran vs US Venice submerging Taal Volcano eruption in Philippines Coronavirus in China Earthquake in Puerto Rico Wildfire in South Korea Flooding in Saudi Arabia Victoria Falls drying and many more. All in one month. January isn't even over yet.
Do you know #coronavirus #2019_nCov is a new virus with no available vaccine or medicine? Here are simple ways to prevent infection or transmitting it. Self-hygiene especially washing your hands is the most important step. #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus 
CHINA'S CAPITAL CITY BEIJING TO SHUT ALL INTER-PROVINCE SHUTTLE BUSES FROM JAN 26 TO CURB CORONAVIRUS OUTBREAK -LOCAL PAPER
Minamino giving the coronavirus the whole Liverpool team so they don’t win the league  …
I laughed at a @Shanemgillis joke and got the coronavirus 
Military medical teams arrives in Wuhan to battle #coronavirus outbreak. last photo: a medical worker says goodbye to her daughter. 
Coronavirus:death toll hits 41 as doctor dies from virus in China – updates- Just how ineptly do you think the Trump Administration will be in the USA in mishandling this developing epidemic? The  of #PresidentShitForBrains will kill people.  …
Drone footage shows the rapid construction of a new 1,000-bed hospital which authorities say will be built in just six days The number of people killed by the coronavirus has risen to 41 with the outbreak now having spread from China to 11 other countries  
Everyone be like, omg coronavirus is train to busan irl, no dudess, this more like "The Flu", go watch them, it's a really nice movie 
Such a moving illustration capturing the mood a lot of people described yesterday and today: the joy of celebrating a new year, the despair of dealing with the new coronavirus outbreak. 
Funny how on the topic of #WuhanCoronavirus all of a sudden you believe the scientists and espouse their great work. But when  to #ClimateChange you take the word of coal barrons and right wing shock jocks. #auspol #coronavirus #ClimateCrisis
The U.S. is planning to evacuate Americans from the Chinese city at the center of the coronavirus outbreak, says a person familiar with the matter 
In the wake of the coronavirus outbreak, should you cancel your trip to China? 
k-atinys want to postpone ateezs seoul concerts bc of the coronavirus please support their hashtag!! we want ateez and atinys all to be safe in this time! #에이티즈_월드투어_미뤄
What is the coronavirus and how worried should we be?  …
“Know thy enemy.” In 1918, H1N1 influenza virus reduced Earth population by 50-100 million. It revisited us 10 years ago & left with 284,500 lives. Remember swine flu? Yup same guy. The Wuhan virus belong to #Coronavirus, the crime family that causes MERS-CoV & SARS. 
I don't want to cause any panic or whatever but I just hope that the coronavirus wouldn't hit us hard because I don't think we are ready. We have dedicated people who will (over)work, sure, but disease outbreaks require a massive political will. That's what I'm scared of.
A doctor has died from the Wuhan coronavirus, according to state-run China Global Television Network. #CNNPHNewsroomWeekend  
Where  from ? 
#coronavirus Scientists Predict #Wuhan's Outbreak Will Get Much Worse New estimates of how far the virus could spread suggest an explosion of cases will hit Wuhan “In 14 days’ time, our model predicts 190,000 + infected people in  …
#BREAKING: False alarm on a feared #coronavirus case in #Belgium. Europe is on edge with its first 2 cases confirmed Friday in France. A patient presented in Brussels with similar symptoms but per @RTBF the virus has been ruled out. 1/2
UPDATE: Transmissibility estimates of #coronavirus #2019nCoV at 2.6 Identification & testing potential cases to be as extensive as permitted by healthcare & testing capacity  … @neil_ferguson @dr_anne_cori @SRileyIDD @MarcBaguelin 
Police have raided wildlife markets across Eastern China as the #coronavirus outbreak spreads around the world. The virus is suspected to have spread to humans in a seafood market in Wuhan where live exotic animals and other wildlife were sold 
important there’s a hashtag going around to postpone/cancel wayv’s cafe event on the 31st due to health issues with the coronavirus. help bring awareness. 
We're working closely with @PHE_uk and @NHSEngland experts to monitor the #coronavirus situation. Latest info  If you have travelled to the affected area, make sure you know what to do if you experience symptoms 
We are following the developing situation of the #coronavirus very closely and have called for a meeting of the #EU Health Security Committee on Monday to discuss response options and preparedness needs of EU Member States.
Australia said there are now four confirmed cases of China's coronavirus across the country 
As of Jan. 25 at 6 a.m., time in New York, there were 1,327 cases of #coronavirus confirmed worldwide, with 41 deaths, all in China.  
Breaking: This has been elevated to top level emergency. Be safe everyone Hong Kong declares coronavirus outbreak an 'emergency'  …
Video of woman eating whole bat emerges as scientists link #coronavirus to flying mammals 
THE SCIENTIST WHO PREDICTED CORONAVIRUS COULD KILL 65 MILLION PEOPLE–THREE MONTHS BEFORE THE OUTBREAK IN WUHAN China recently developed a deadly pathogen lab in Wuhan, with U.S. bio-safety experts warning in 2017 that a virus could "escape" the facility.  …
"More than 130 suspected coronavirus cases have been reported in Taiwan this week, including 70 on Thursday alone." That makes Taiwan (ROC) the worst affected state after China (PRC). Yet they are excluded from the @WHO, by China.  …
#HongKong has declared the #coronavirus outbreak an emergency. Leader Carrie Lam has said that schools will remain closed until at least Feb. 17 and all trains and flights from #Wuhan, #China will be stopped.
Trending on Twitter in #Thailand this afternoon is the hashtag #รัฐบาลเฮงซวย. People are criticizing the inefficiency of the government in handling coronavirus, PM2.5 and other things. Some even said the government won’t do anything as they want the money from Chinese tourists. 
Awareness helps us prevent unpredictable  Be safe everyone! LOOK: The global spread of the coronavirus: Where is it?  via @gmanews
The first line of defense #coronavirus 
France confirms first three cases of Wuhan coronavirus in Europe 
The first person diagnosed with the Wuhan coronavirus in the US is being treated by a few medical workers and a robot. The robot, equipped with a stethoscope, is helping doctors take the man's vitals  with him through a large screen. 
Human diets and the “ecology of disease”: The coronavirus outbreak underscores that most new and emerging infectious diseases affecting humans originate in animals. China's SARS pandemic originated from civet cats while the Wuhan coronavirus has spread from another animal market.
*Coronavirus appears* Non-muslims: Can I have some of that halal food? 
2019 Novel Coronavirus Algorithm adapted from the Department of Health Interim Guidelines on the Preparedness and Response to 2019-nCoV released on January 21, 2020 
Dear, @SMTOWNGLOBAL, in which now we're facing a new type of unidentified #coronavirus please reconsider NCT DREAM's next schedule which is in Macau. As we know the artists and the fans' health priority is number one, we hope that TDS in Macau will be delayed or canceled.
'It was like a ghost  to what it usually is.' The number of people who've died as a result of the #coronavirus has risen to at least 41. Ben's stayed indoors for the last five days and told us what it's like to be on lockdown in #Wuhan. Listen via 
Hong Kong's chief executive Carrie Lam has announced emergency measures and has halted visits to mainland China. Read the latest on the coronavirus here:  
Japan health minister has been confirmed third case of new coronavirus infection. This is very dangerous for our boys, especially they must contact with fan when hi-touch. #투모로우바이투게더_스케줄_취소해 #큰성공_스케줄_취소해 @TXT_members @TXT_bighit
please cancel and move txt's remaining schedule in japan coronavirus isnt a joke, let them back in korea, please, take care of your health txt and bighit staff @BigHitEnt #투모로우바이투게더_스케줄_취소해 #큰성공_스케줄_취소해
The panic over coronavirus threatens to shut down much of China's economy and elsewhere. This in addition to a developing economic slump does not auger well. CBs are bound to reflate even more aggressively to deal with fall-out. Got gold?
change your twitter settings to south korea and tweet #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜 we need sm to cancel dream’s schedules in china due to the risk of infection by the coronavirus 
me protecting myself from the coronavirus 
China is building a new 1,000-bed hospital in five days to treat victims of the new deadly coronavirus 
I have the coronavirus and the only cure is ass, ladies please save me
H5N1: doesn't spread easily between people. SARS: can only be spread by a certain group of 'super spreaders'. Wuhan Coronavirus: spreads easily from contact between people and water droplets in the air.
Doctors warn China coronavirus carriers may show no symptoms of illness  …
Y'all we don't want Nct Dream's health to be risky so we're asking for their activities to be canceled in Macao because of the coronavirus Copy and reply #엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜
Watch this to heat up the harmattan... #Harmattan #coronavirus 
LATEST Did the #WuhanOutbreak of #CoronaVirus orignate from humans eating bats & snakes? 
All respects for doctors, nurses, pharmacists and medical staffs all around the world who's treating patient infected #coronavirus Please share this to your family, the virus transmission is not a joke, there is still no vaccine, please pray for everyone, and stay safe 
oomfs!!! to protect yourself from the #coronavirus, people are saying that you should be wearing eyewear to protect yourself from bodily fluids entering through your eyes, and it is predicted that the virus may enter through your conjunctiva. 
Let’s pray for the people of Wuhan, Hubei & China! Let us trust the Chinese government, and establish a firm confidence in defeating the #coronavirus! With one heart & one mind, we will try our best to win the full victory of this special war! 为武汉、湖北、全国人民祈福！
• Hong Kong declares coronavirus outbreak an 'emergency' • 41 people dead, at least 1,287 infected • China locks down more cities, restricting movement of 56 million people Follow the latest updates:  
For the geeks - Coronavirus is an enveloped, RNA virus about 32kb in genomic size (I.e. extremely tiny, need electron microscope to view). Do share any  out on its genetics on here - with SARS if I remember correctly they sequenced within a couple of weeks!
Evolution of the propagation of #coronavirus English version #CORONAVIRUSFRANCE 
apparently the deadly coronavirus is now in my city so thats pretty cool I will no longer leave my home
coronavirus is dangerous and it’s spreading wildly in china right now. your artists’ health and safety should be the priority @SMTOWNGLOBAL @WayV_official 
this is allegedly a voice note from a nurse in Wuhan, China at the epicenter of where the coronavirus began. heartbreaking if it’s real. 
Wuhan, China: WUHAN CITY COMMERCIAL CENTER CLOSED SECOND DAY DESERTED STREETS DUE TO QUARANTINE Wuhan epidemic situation updated daily: death toll rises to 41, many hospitals ask for help #coronavirus  …
There are Chinese nationals taking medications to hide symptoms of #coronavirus infection and bragged that they got to travel on socmed. That was how one of the infected cases was discovered in France.
#엔시티드림_당장_입국시켜 this is top trending in korea..asking sm to cancel dream's overseas scheds esp the hitouch and concerts in macao bec of the coronavirus... im not sure but it literally translates as nct dream_right  home?
The #coronavirus outbreak isn't a free pass to be a racist POS. "Omg have you seen what they do to animals in China?" Seriously? Most of you won't even look at what *you* do to animals in your own country.
Australia confirms 1st coronavirus cases 
Coronavirus is expected to debut at #1 in the Europe next week with 1k-50k cases, 500 pure confirmed infections (via. CDD) 
- there is NO VACCINE against coronavirus. Anyone selling you "vaccine" or dubious pseudo meds are scammers.
Got deleted! Just repost this! #coronavirus 
This was our most-viewed video on Twitter this week - the footage allegedly shows dead bodies lying in hospital in Wuhan, the city where the #coronavirus originated 
UPDATE Countries with confirmed and suspected cases of Wuhan #Coronavirus. 
A doctor who worked at a hospital in Wuhan, where coronavirus patients are being treated, died Saturday morning. The pneumonia-causing virus has so far claimed the lives of more than 40 people while infecting more than 1,200 others 
Hong Kong’s leader Carrie Lam has declared the coronavirus outbreak as an “emergency” and suspended official visits to mainland China.  …
A reminder that the Coronavirus isn't being spread country to country by refugees but by affluent travellers at airports.
#Wuhan city will build a second #coronavirus hospital, authorities said Saturday. The facility, Leishenshan Hospital, will house 1,300 beds to help contain the #CoronavirusOutbreak. It's expected to  within two weeks. Meanwhile, work continues at Huoshenshan 
I  to be VERY careful with a lot of info on #coronavirus #coronaoutbreak #wuhanvirus spread by "experts" & fearmongers on Twitter. But I also STRONGLY  to keep yourself informed beyond the traditional news. So far, the following handles have been useful (1/2):
Twenty-five provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions in #China, covering more than 1.2 billion people, have activated the Level-I alert of public health incidents. #Wuhan #coronavirus 
Who pokes fun at something as serious as #coronavirus.. oh that would be the same Mr Osborne who said it was easiest savings he’d made robbing #50sWomen of their pensions  …
Speaking at a conference hosted by the Massachusetts Medical Society, a year ago, Bill Gates "predicted" #Coronavirus, with simulation, saying million of people could die in the first 6 month!  …
What is the new #coronavirus ( #nCoV2019) and what do we know about the outbreak so  …
No temperature check. As a growing part of China is in #coronavirus lockdown Thai authorities are not yet routinely scanning passengers from there. With five cases, Thailand has already had more than anywhere except China. 
NEW: Wuhan will build a *second* brand-new hospital to treat #coronavirus patients, according to Chinese state media. The first one, planned with 1,000 beds, hasn’t even been finished yet. Wuhan is a city of 11 million and ground zero for this epidemic. @CBSNews is here.
Another fantastic example of pooling and sharing of resources within the UK. Scotland doesn't have the required equipment to test for the presence of the Coronavirus. Our samples are therefore sent to London for analysis. 
I ask again,what is the government doing about the Coronavirus outbreak detected in China and has killed 26 people?This should be our concern because Zimbabwe deals with Chinese and has high  Chinese traffic. @nickmangwana @MoHCCZim @Itairusike @CWGH1 @daddyhope
BREAKING.... 3 SUSPECTED CASES OF CORONAVIRUS FOUND IN MEXICO 1 found in retained traveler in Los Angeles upon returning from Mexico... And these people openly walk across our border daily Three suspected Novel Coronavirus cases reported in Jalisco  …
Since last night, the #nCoV2019 #coronavirus has: - sickened 1,354 people — 1,320 in mainland China - caused 41 deaths - turned up in France, Australia, Malaysia, and Nepal, meaning nearly a dozen other countries now have cases  …
So coronavirus may have originated from snakes, exotic animals in the wet market, bioengineering, the Wuhan virology lab, or tontons and it maybe uniquely rapid in its spread or totally normal and its mortality rate may be significantly elevated or below average. Have I got it?
A Doctor who was treating coronavirus in China has died of the virus.
As a result of coronavirus up to 36 million people in China are now under lockdown Uyghur Muslims in China in a concentration camps As Allah said “And never think that Allah is unaware of what the wrongdoers do. He only delays them for a Day when eyes will stare [in horror].” 
No link with seafood market in first case of China coronavirus, Chinese scientists revealed  …
Malaysia confirms first cases of #coronavirus infection #nCoV | via 
Plague Inc. developers warn that it's 'not a scientific model' as coronavirus outbreak sparks new interest  
NEW: Hong Kong now announces highest emergency level to deal with #coronavirus, up from “serious,” as SARS 2.0 fears rise. Schools will be closed until February 17 - two extra weeks off. The big @StanChart Marathon is cancelled - impacting 70,000  …
Some folks think I’m trying to incite fear. I’m not trying—I’m a scientist. This #coronavirus #WuhanCoronovirus is serious. Over 50 million people are quarantined + case counts will go up much more. Predict @WHO will declare emergency. Let’s hope for the best, prepared for  …
MERS was also a coronavirus, but I don't remember the response from Malaysians being as racially-tinged then.
#BREAKING Carrie Lam: #HongKong to upgrade to highest level amid #CoronavirusOutbreak, flights and trains from #Wuhan City suspended indefinitely. HK has five confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus 
China has sent military medics, including professionals who have experience in the fight against SARS or Ebola, to Wuhan to curb the spreading of the novel coronavirus-related pneumonia 
WHO’s Regional Office for Europe has officially been notified of the first novel #coronavirus cases in Europe. Three cases have been confirmed in France and WHO is in contact with the relevant authorities. WHO encourages countries in the European Region to continue to prepare.
Hong Kong closes schools till Feb. 17, raises response level to “emergency” to stem spread of coronavirus  …
In order to control the Chinese virus, rural Hubei is conducting such a road closure... #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus These photos posted on social media by individuals. 6 hours ago 
One of the ways to prevent #CoronaVirus is to use Face Mask. #FaceMask can only be useful  #CoronaVirusOutbreak if you know how to use it right. Please learn from this video from World Health Organisation WHO. 
Snakes — the Chinese krait and the Chinese cobra — may be the original source of the newly discovered coronavirus that has triggered an outbreak of a deadly infectious respiratory illness in China this winter 
Since yesterday, we've brought 100,000 face masks 2assist #Wuhan & Xiangyang of #Hubei Prov.  urgently allocated us 60,000 masks today. A factory agreed2 resume production in #SpringFestival2020 Our people' driving 2 vehicles - on delivery #coronavirus 
China coronavirus: Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam declares highest level of emergency, schools to remain closed and marathon cancelled 
BREAKING: Hong Kong upgrades #coronavirus response level to emergency tier. 
Someone in Melbourne just got diagnosed with Coronavirus... So my firm handshakes for meet and greets at AO just turned into firm waves.
BREAKING: Hong Kong Marathon has been cancelled due to coronavirus fears
The risk of coronavirus to children and pregnant women in the U.S. is currently low. But here's what parents need to know about the outbreak, via 
No confirmed cases of Wuhan coronavirus have been detected in the UK and the risk to the UK population is low. If you have travelled to the affected area, make sure you know what to do if you experience symptoms:  
Novel #coronavirus outbreak in #China: Travel Advisory to travelers visiting China. @PMOIndia @drharshvardhan @AshwiniKChoubey @PIB_India @NITIAayog @MoCA_GoI @MEAIndia 
China ramps up quarantine measures on public transport as confirmed cases of new coronavirus pneumonia rises to 1,287. Infected patients on board will be immediate isolated and transfered to the nearest observation stations  
NEW: Hong Kong raises alert to emergency level due to coronavirus - RTHK
Why should Australia fight the Coronavirus? As Australia is only 0.3% of the World's population, even if Australia was wiped off the map, China would replace us in 9 days. #auspol
#AustraliaDay Happy Australia Day everyone. I might be offline for a few days or have limited ability to check twitter. I'm REALLY looking forward to having a break from all the hysteria at the moment with Coronavirus and Climate Change. Enjoy your day tomorrow!
No #CoronaVirus case detected in India; Health Ministry issues advisory to people travelling to China  …
Johns Hopkins University Center for Systems Science & Engineering launched tracking map website of the Wuhan coronavirus (2019-nCoV) as it appears to be spreading around the globe in real-time.  #coronavirus 
I just bought surgical mask for supplies. Some of you maybe want to buy the n95. Buy both if you can. But mask is the last line of defense. #coronavirus
BREAKING: Four people in Australia confirmed to have coronavirus, with another four being tested.
PSA: The r-naught or R0 is the reproductive rate of a virus. Flu has an R0 rate of 1 SARS was 2-3 Polio, is 3-5 This Coronavirus has an R0 rate of 3.8 4x as viral as the flu, which kills 70k/yr and we don't know how this is spreading, where  from, or how to contain it. 
There are now three confirmed cases of the #Coronavirus in New South Wales, increasing the number of cases in Australia to four.  …
PREVENTION There are currently no vaccines available to protect one from coronavirus infection. Transmission is reduced through: * Washing your hands often with soap and water. * Avoid touching your eyes, nose or mouth with unwashed hands. * Avoid close contact with sick people
Wuhan has built dozens of new hospitals in recent years. But it's struggling to handle the coronavirus outbreak, which is still straining its resources. Supplies are running low. 
1. CPRC (Crisis Preparedness & Response Centre) @KKMPutrajaya coordinating #coronavirus outbreak response 2. @HOSPITALSGBULOH (HSB) is KKM Infectious Diseases (ID) hospital. Our guys are tops in their expertise 3. Labs at HSB & IMR are dedicated for diagnosis @DrDzul @FIMAweb
#NewsFlash Reports suggest #China has finished work on the first #5G base station to assist all medical team in #Wuhan with connectivity while dealing with the #WuhanCoronavirus #CoronaVirus Surveying,designing,material deployment & project construction has been done in+48Hours 
More confirmed cases of coronavirus in Australia. Three men in Sydney have contracted coronavirus. The men had recently travelled to Wuhan, the Chinese city at the centre of the outbreak.  …
BREAKING: Australia reports three cases of coronavirus
Value of global bonds has hit a fresh all-time high at $57.6tn. Has gained by a whopping $600bn this week despite overall pos econ data but Coronavirus outbreak weighed on investors’ sentiment. German Bund 10y yield fell -11.2bps to -0.33%, US 10y yield fell -14bps to 1.68%. 
Australia confirms first case of deadly coronavirus  …
BREAKING: Three confirmed cases of coronavirus in NSW. The men are aged 53, 43 and 35. All had a connection to Hubei province. @abcsydney
Coronavirus All you need to know. Coronaviruses are a large group of viruses that  among animals. In rare cases, they are what scientists call zoonotic, meaning they can be transmitted from animals to humans. 
To people joking around about the coronavirus: There are people dying. Someone’s mother, father, son, daughter. There are doctors trying to save people. There are people scared. And you’re using this to grow followers. You’re a real contribution to society.
NSW Health Minister Brad Hazzard says 18 people have been assessed across the state for the new #coronavirus. 12 of those have been "excluded" and three have now been confirmed with the virus. 
1720 – The Great Plague of Marseille – 100,000 people died. 1820 - cholera had spread to Thailand, Indonesia, and the Philippines. 120000 people died. 1920 – The Spanish Flu – the death toll worldwide was up to 100 million. 2020 - Coronavirus pattern for deadly pandemic.
Japan confirms its third case of the new coronavirus. Follow all the latest updates on the response to the outbreak here:  
Coronavirus: Race to trace 2,000 people who flew to UK from Wuhan  …. RACE ? ? ...WHY WERE THESE FLIGHTS NOT STOPPED IN THE FIRST PLACE BAN ALL TRAVEL TO AND FROM CHINA ! NEXT WE WILL HEAR OUR NHS IS OVERWHELMED... WAKE UP BRITAIN 
BREAKING: There are three confirmed cases of coronavirus in New South Wales, taking the national number of cases up to four. #Coronavirus 
Do you know, #coronavirus suggests an infected person may appear well (no symptom) yet could still spread it to others.  …
"I have nowhere to turn to now ... Please help me." People in Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak, are using social media to express their fear and anger — and cry for help. 
it's only January but these natural disasters already happened 1.taal volcano eruption 2.Australia's deadly bushfires 3.brown New Zealand glaciers 4.floods in Dubai n Indonesia 5.coronavirus disease spreads 6.two Islands in Indonesia are submerged May Allah keep us safe
China quarantines 35 million people amid the coronavirus outbreak  
Liang Wudong, just  the first doctor to die from the new Coronavirus in #China A reminder that while everyone else is trying to avoid it, frontline medical staff are risking their lives to cure it + save others. 
The second doctor died in this war against pneumonia. Laing Wudong, a retired doctor called from his home to join  died at the age of 62 because of coronavirus infection. Another doctor Jiang Jijun, died of heart attack due to overtime working. #coronarovirus 
The Coronavirus shouldn't even be a concern in America. The Chinese should've been banned a long time ago.
Let it be~let it be~ let it be~ let it be #ไวรัสอู่ฮั่น #coronavirus #ไวรัสโคโรน่า #ไวรัสโคโรนา 
I beg oh Coronavirus,  to Africa. Please.  …
Brazilian family from Wuhan in Palawan hospital for #coronavirus symptoms 
China has prudently placed Wuhan under quarantine to halt spread of coronavirus. But @EmmanuelMacron wants to “evacuate” French citizens. Does racist French government think the virus only affects Chinese people? France must respect the  …
Reduce the risk of the virus! #coronavirus 
please consider donating to wuhan and huanggang through the following links to support purchase of masks + medical supplies for the brave healthcare workers on the front lines fighting coronavirus in china!  …  …  
#coronavirus New report in @TheLancet suggests an infected person may appear well (no symptom) yet could still spread it to others. Question is: could ‘thermal scans at KLIA’ identify infected traveler if they don’t have fever/symptom. Suggestion?  
Japan confirms 3rd case of new coronavirus  …
A doctor in #Wuhan, China, has died from a #coronavirus infection, whilst other reports have suggested much much higher death tolls that are being covered up by the Chinese authorities. The military have flown in with medical supplies & personnel. 
Live: Hubei Health Commission updates on #coronavirus outbreak  …
Lobster price plummets from $105 to $0 per kilo as coronavirus triggers export freeze  …
56 million people are now under lockdown as China increases its restrictions to stop the coronavirus outbreak from spreading and public transport has been closed across 18 cities
Weeks ago, China arrested 8 people for spreading "hoaxes" about what is now known as #coronavirus. How much time was lost? Authoritarianism is bad for your health.  
The number of confirmed #coronavirus cases nears 1,300 
BREAKING: Japan confirms third case of new coronavirus  
How to wear a mask #coronavirus 
this is unethical journalism. this video has been debunked. it does not show dead bodies and the voiceover is superimposed. stop fear mongering about coronavirus. racist pricks.  …
Sources: Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan has gone to Prime Minister's Office, to discuss #coronavirus and its preventive management in India.
Construction has begun on a new hospital being built for patients affected by coronavirus in Wuhan, China. The local authority decided to follow Beijing's SARS treatment model for the hospital, which will have 1,000 beds and be put into use by Feb. 3.  
Pretty scary stuff driving into the coronavirus high impact zone via  …
Get this. Wuhan (China) authorities are building a Field Hospital, from scratch, to cater to a 1,000 Coronavirus patients, in ONLY a Week! 
The claim that "we are now faced with the most virulent virus epidemic the world has ever seen" and that the new coronavirus is 8x as infectious as SARS  untrue. Even if the R0 were 3.8 that would be nowhere near a record. Here is some context w/ a range of R0s: 
This is the frenzy of construction at the site of the new hospital in Wuhan for coronavirus victims. I suspect that even if the city really needs this hospital, there’s the symbolic value of showing that, just like they built a new hospital to beat SARS, Wuhan can also do it. 
The claim that the new coronavirus has an R0 of 3.8 is based on this paper  … The authors of that paper emphasize the high degree of uncertainty and have already downgraded their estimate to an R0 of 2.5  …
About 450 military medical personnel and eight medical teams arrived in #Wuhan, Central China's Hubei province, on Friday to fight the #coronavirus #pneumonia. 
World Health Organisation advice to reduce the risk of #CoronaVirus infection. 
Simulation models can be a useful way  what we think we know into a numeric summary, but that summary is only as good as our knowledge. If we have very little real knowledge, like with the new coronavirus, the summary can be very very wrong. Be patient & wait for data.
#coronavirus The South China Morning Post newspaper from #HongKong made a list of wild animal meats that you can buy at the local wholesale market in #Wuhan which is believed to be the epicenter of the #CoronavirusOutbreak This is quite a list and I'm sure is 
Latest developments of the #CoronavirusOutbreak: - Death toll jumps to 41 from 25 - Confirmed #coronavirus cases climb to 1,287 including 237 severe cases - Australia, Malaysia report 1st confirmed cases - #Wuhan doctor reported dead More @business :  
What is coronavirus - and how deadly is it? Here's what you need to know:  
'ANOTHER ALARMING VIDEO' shows the government is now fumigating the streets of #Wuhan in hopes of ridding the air off of the #CoronaVirus: #CoronavirusOutbreak | 
“THE CAT IS ALREADY OUT OF THE BAG,” says Dr. Toner. Eric Toner, an M.D. and researcher at the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security, took part in a simulation, that posited that the CORONAVIRUS could kill 65 million people within 18 months.  …
Toll from coronavirus rises to 41 deaths, with more than 1,000 confirmed cases in China 
Just passed a screening point in Henan close to the border with Hubei and had my temperature checked. #coronavirus 
Here is a map that is tracking the coronavirus. The numbers are going up!  … #WuhanCoronovirus #CoronavirusOutbreak
#coronavirus Bill Gates ‘predicted’ #Chinese #coronavirus a year ago with simulation saying 33 MILLION could die in first six months  …
China coronavirus: Death toll rises to 41; over 1,000 cases of infection reported nationwide  …
#Wuhan Hospital Construction Site, local drone video shows the day two situation on site as #China races against time #Coronavirus 
Meat products from China seized at the Manila port in December tested positive for African swine fever (ASF). ASF, Coronavirus, POGO, Kidnappings, Prostitution....  …
Cities in southern Henan have set up road blocks to screen the health of passengers in all cars. If you don’t pass the screening you can’t enter the city. #Coronavirus #China
All the best and Godspeed to colleagues in Hosp Sg Buloh. U got this. #CoronaVirus
At this point there shld be a worldwide ban of all visitors frm China. Until the coronavirus is controlled. Its not abt race its abt health. I don’t care if a person is yellow blue or purple, but if they are contagious keep them the hell home and don’t let them roam!
General summary for the vast majority of questions from the vast majority of people re: #coronavirus *we don't know* That means: Too early to dismiss as not a problem Too early to assume pandemic disaster Too early to know that numbers are accurate Too early to assume they're not
if I worked in public health I would simply be incredibly cautious what I Tweeted about the coronavirus
If true this is alarming !First coronavirus case diagnosed in Pakistan: sources  …
Bitlord being in China during this coronavirus has really brought his content game to a new level imho
the way hiv has been quiet since coronavirus's debut
Coronavirus outbreak: doctor in Wuhan hospital dies as army medics flown in  …
#DailyChinaBriefing on Jan. 25: 1. China reports 1,287 confirmed cases of new coronavirus pneumonia, 41 deaths  2. China mobilizes medical teams to fight new coronavirus  3. New Year celebrations around world  
#China is building a hospital in Wuhan to fight #coronavirus in just 10 days! #coronavirusChina #SRAS via @ABC @kalydeoo @labordeolivier @sebbourguignon @ipfconline1 @Droit_IA @RichSimmondsZA @Ym78200 @tewoz @3itcom @chboursin @Nicochan33 @diioannid 
Which big  gets the contract for the vaccine for the Coronavirus? Follow the money.
Shoppers wearing surgical masks lined up for groceries at a supermarket in Wuhan as residents were told not to leave the Chinese city at the center of the coronavirus outbreak linked to the death of at least 41 people.  
y’all scared about coronavirus while i ain’t worried cuz i don’t even drink beer in the first place!! especially corona!! ew ew!!
NEW: Death toll from coronavirus outbreak rises to 42  …
Two groups that emerged out of Hong Kong's protests— @OSINTHK, which does open-source investigations; &  , which created real-time crowdsourced maps of protests—have collaborated to make this interactive map of the coronavirus outbreak.  …
Update on Coronavirus 
I live in #Wuhan. Today is the third day of the lockdown of the city. Here are some things I see or hear from other citizens these days. The situation is far more severe than you might think, I think support from international organizations is in grave need. @WHO #Coronavirus 
Latest coronavirus. 22 provinces, numbering 1.1 billion people, have declared Level 1 public health emergency. 56 million people now subject to travel ban in Hubei, epicentre of virus. 41 dead, 1200+ infected, with 237 in a critical condition.
China expands coronavirus outbreak lockdown as death toll rises  
Isn't this weird? North Korea is arguably the safest place to be when looking at the Coronavirus due to how restricted travel is throughout the entire country.
#CoronaVirus has been confirmed and detected in many countries.. It should be a Global Emergency, since the disease has reached beyond China.. Please stay safe if you are travelling..!! #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Doctors warn #China #coronavirus carriers may show no symptoms of illness “These cryptic cases of walking pneumonia might serve as a possible source to propagate the outbreak,” the report said. Further studies warranted.  …
“There is the 7-mo pregnant nurse who still went to work to treat those with coronavirus, only to be infected with it herself.. There are the HCWs wearing adult diapers coz they do not have time to go to the bathroom.” Heroic. Chaotic.  …
In the cities bordering #Wuhan’s Hubei Province medical emergency points have been set up. This is in Henan. #China #coronavirus 
A study in The Lancet indicated that some people could be spreading the coronavirus despite having no signs of disease. Here’s the latest on the outbreak in China. 
Awfully suspicious that the WHO hasn't declared the Coronavirus a Public Health Emergency of International Concern yet. Just sayin'
13/ ...and it gets even worse, the Lancet now reports that the coronavirus is contagious even when *no symptoms*: specifically: “crucial to isolate patients... quarantine contacts as early as possible because asymptomatic infection appears possible”!  …
Liang Wudong, a surgeon who was treating patients in Wuhan, just  the first doctor to die from the new Coronavirus. A reminder that while everyone else is trying to avoid it, frontline medical staff are risking their lives to cure it + save others. 
Chinese authorities share 1st photos of deadly Coronavirus,Adamus Shiffilis. 
Coronavirus: How China's increasing global power could be influencing global virus response - despite the criteria for declaring international public health emergency hv already been met. Chilling read by  …
Hospital Sungai Buloh ada wad istimewa untuk kes2 Coronavirus as they are an Infectious Disease Hospital. They send the confirmed case there to prevent the virus spreading to other patients.
Australia reported its first confirmed case of the #coronavirus on Saturday. Victorian Health Minister @JennyMikakos said the patient is a Chinese national who flew from Wuhan to Melbourne on January 19 #WuhanCoronavirus  
China confirms 1,287 coronavirus cases, with 41 deaths  
Stay away from Indonesia you freakin #coronavirus  …
According to the the Chinese Embassy in #SriLanka, there are more than 6,000 Chinese working in Sri Lanka. Lots of them probably have visited #China for the #ChineseNewYear. We need a proper system to search them for #coronavirus when  back here. #lka #SriLanka #helth
Coronavirus outbreak in China may have infected thousands, estimate scientists | Imperial News | Imperial College London  …
Malaysia confirms first cases of coronavirus infection  
Imagine if the coronavirus started in the UK The first victims go to hospitals and be like "blimey mate the bloody tories passed a law to close hospitals on the weekends!" and then get lectured by a nurse from Northhampshiretonland about how the virus is actually the EU's fault
This is very great initiative to spread information in regards to Wuhan Coronavirus.  …
#Chinese authorities confirm 1st #coronavirus patient cured, discharged from hospital in #Shanghai  
State media in #China is reporting that a doctor treating #coronavirus patients has died. 62 year old Liang Wudong, was at the Xinhua Hospital in Hubei. #Wuhan
Can we like shut the airports down for a bit ... For real tho, be safe, apparently symptoms don't show for a week or two and when they show it's basically too late "First Australian case of coronavirus confirmed in Victoria"  …
Opening twitter and seeing #CoronaVirus and #CoronaOutbreak when you have a cold and being 
Also important: wear surgical masks to guard against coronavirus spread, not the N95 ones.  …
Imagine my shock. ”China built a lab to study SARS and Ebola in Wuhan - and US scientists warned in 2017 that a virus could 'escape' the facility located in the same city that's at the coronavirus outbreak's center.”  …
The inside of a high speed train right now heading in the direction of #Hubei Province (where the #coronavirus outbreak started). #China 
Coronavirus spurs a run on face masks. But do they work? 
So anxious reading all of #coronavirus news and updates. Grew up reading/watching too much of zombie fictions, plague literature and medical drama/thriller to not be paranoid
1720 Plague 1820 Cholera 1920 Spanish flu 2020 Coronavirus Note to self: hibernate until 2021
Coronavirus  from snake (Source :WHO) This virus shows that how Islam literally take care what do we eat. What is haram, what is halal. Allah is our creator. He knows what's good for us. Alhamdulillah  …
Malaysia MOH just reported our first case of Wuhan coronavirus, not one but three people from China. Kudos to the Malaysia Immigration Dept for detecting these people through temp screening in Johor.  …
Hospitals in #Wuhan have  overwhelmed by the #coronavirus numbers. There are lots of videos on social media showing frontline medical teams agitated and burnt out. Military medics have arrived to help as have staff from #Shanghai but the crisis is enormous.  …
2) ...along with her husband and students?? Wuhan is where this Coronavirus broke out. I think this is worth looking into.  …
First #coronavirus case diagnosed in Pakistan: sources #ARYNews
OK this is getting creepy... Reports of China lying about the real current state of affairs... That it is actually worse and death toll is much higher than reported... Ummm what's really going in China though?? #coronavirus #CoronaOutbreak #WuhanLockDown 
It`s Chinese New Year today >< Because of the coronavirus, it`s not safe outside. I stay at home and keep drawing <Sanctify> In the next volume，the plot will go deeper 
Hello, there is your unroll: Thread by @DrEricDing: HOLY MOTHER OF GOD - the new coronavirus is a 3.8!!! How bad is that reproductive R0 value? It…  …. Have a good day.
I noticed yang positif coronavirus dalam kalangan senior citizen & budak. Thailand's case - 50+ female Singapore's case - 60+ male Malaysia's case - 66 female, child 11 y/o and 2 y/o. So it's probably best if you don't leave the house, and wear surgical masks if you do.  …
What it will take to stop the Wuhan coronavirus | Laurie Garrett writes for @CNNOpinion  
China's #Coronavirus fight has  a truly national effort. So far 22 provincial units have declared the highest Level I public health emergency response. About 1.1 billion, that is 1,100 million people, are covered by the orders.
Updates on the novel coronavirus this morning: - China say 41 have died, with 1287 confirmed cases - Virus confirmed in patients in Australia, Malaysia and Pakistan - One new case in Thailand Bloomberg is tracking the spread of the virus here:  
The Chinese government is working hard to build a new hospital within 6 days to effectively isolate people infected with the #coronavirus in #Wuhan City. Chinese Speed, Chinese power, and Chinese love 
Hospital staff in Wuhan are wearing adult diapers because they don't have time to pee while caring for an overwhelming number of coronavirus patients  …
As kenyans focus with bbi, China is building a 1000-bed hospital in ten days to battle the deadly coronavirus. Your Government has taken 5 years to make footbridge pillars at Garden City #KingiSupportsBBI 
Wearing a face mask does help if you do it properly. Seto Wing Hong of Hong Kong University demonstrates the correct way to wear a face mask #coronavirus 
7 suspected cases of #Coronavirus in #India according to @aajtak
Ron Davis “The effort to understand this new virus is exactly what we’ve been doing for ME/CFS for years. The diff betw our progress & theirs: lack of support from our federal govt!” Scientists are unraveling coronavirus with unprecedented speed & openness  …
OP: Everyone the coronavirus is been going around lately ㅠㅠ Please be careful with your health and enjoy fun Lunar New Year Holiday : Everyone be careful with your health. Safety is best. You can catch it even without realizing so don’t forget and everyone pls careful~ 
"Malaysia confirms three cases of coronavirus infection Malaysia's health ministry announced on Saturday that three people have been infected with the coronavirus." Ok guys it's here. BASUH TANGAN PROPERLY & PAKAI MASK!  
BREAKING: State-run China Global Television Network reported that a doctor who had been at the front line in battling the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, China, has died from the new virus 
everyone the coronavirus is going around these daysㅠㅠ take care of your health and have an enjoyable new years holiday v: everyone take care of your health safety is the best [you] can get infected without even knowing so don't forget and everyone be careful a bit~ 
I remember a conference talk given by a coronavirus expert during the SARS outbreak. "Wow," he said as he scanned the packed ballroom, "This is more people than I've ever spoken to before...." Then he continued: "...in my entire 
help i’ve contracted coronavirus 
#Malaysia confirms its first cases of #coronavirus, with three people infected with the virus; they were in close contact of a 66-year-old patient detected in Singapore more:  
What are #HongKong medical workers facing? Drawing lots to decide who will enter isolated wards ↓ Risking their lives to treat patients with #coronavirus ↓ If they survive, they have to use their paid annual leave to isolate themselves.  will be given. STRIKE!  …
Coronavirus 2019-nCoV, what to know & what to do WATCH: 
#BREAKINGNEWS Person who may have contracted #coronavirus in Lakewood, CO, is in isolation at Centura-St Anthony hospital. CDC is doing tests, results could take several days. 
Here is a list of countries that have confirmed cases of the so-called coronavirus.  
I am hearing rumors that in #Wuhan there are over 100,000 people infected or dead of #coronavirus. – at The White House
I really hope everyone can take precautionary measures during this Coronavirus Outbreak. If you have symptoms such as fever, cough or trouble breathing please do seek medical help as soon as possible & avoid close contact with people showing the symptoms. Stay safe everyone!
Brennan Tweets 'Contagion' on 1/21 Headlines: Coronavirus outbreak is like ‘Contagion’ #SaturdayThoughts #coronovirus #CoronavirusOutbreak  
The situation in Wuhan looks much more dire than what people are saying. Videos show hospital overcrowding, lack of medical care, and a crisis situation. #coronavirus 
The 2nd US patient in Chicago IL is infected with the Coronavirus after traveling to Wuhan, China. The 1st patient is in the Seattle, WA area. There's also 63 possible cases in 22 States across the Country. Be Safe! Wash Your Hands!  …
I am aware of reports of a potential novel coronavirus case in Lakewood, Colorado. I contacted the @CDCgov and the @StateDept earlier this week to ensure Congress is prepared to serve as a collaborative partner in a successful response.
BREAKING Malaysia confirms first 3 cases of positive #coronavirus. Malaysia joins the list below of confirmed countries with positive cases: - China - US - France - Japan - South Korea - Taiwan - Singapore - Thailand - Australia - Nepal - Vietnam - Hong Kong - Macau 
China must know something... they are acting unusually worried about the Coronavirus. These are pictures from the city of Wuhan, where China says they are building a 1,000 bed field hospital just to deal with Coronavirus. ...and they are building it in 6 days! 
free coronavirus with every hoodie purchase.
France confirms first three cases of coronavirus in Europe  
China Official Coronavirus Chart: #1. @CHINA — Coronavirus (+98) *new peak* (Weeks: 3 | Peak: #1) 
Many Chinese flying in from Wuhan as the #ChineseNewYear holiday ends. You need to monitor someone for 14 days to confirm that he/she is free from the #CoronaVirus. I hear that health officials at JKIA are just collecting bribes from those traveling from Wuhan.
Its time to Declare a Global Emergency @realDonaldTrump China’s Coronavirus Keeps Spreading but the World Health Organization Still Won’t Declare a Global Emergency  …
coronavirus survival guide: 1. heavy smoking (protects lungs from respiratory infection) 2. heavy vitamin C (pwns all disease) 3. never stepping foot in a doctor's office/hospital (because they're midwits who cheated through undergrad) tl;dr basically what you're already doing
The people of Wuhan are innocent victims -not dangerous 'others' to be vilified or blamed for the epidemic. Ditto with the people of China. Let's not allow our concerns over the novel coronavirus turn into irrational fear & get in the way of evidence-based policies and empathy.
#China is using the Democrat tactics: trying to blame US for #Coronavirus Why? Bc China repeatedly pledged it would have no—& didn’t have any—biological weapons program! Virus-hit #Wuhan has two laboratories linked to Chinese bio-warfare program!  …
#BreakingNews #NSTnation: Health Minister Datuk Seri Dr Dzulkefly Ahmad today confirmed three Novel #Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) cases in the country.  … #virus #Malaysia #wuhan
JUST IN: Three Chinese visitors who entered Malaysia via Johor Bharu confirmed positive for the coronavirus. #2019_nCov They're relatives of the first case detected in Singapore, Health Minister @DrDzul said, adding they're being treated at the Sg Buloh Hospital.
BREAKING: Malaysia reports three cases of new strand of coronavirus
Liang Wudong, a surgeon who was treating patients in Wuhan, just  the first doctor to die from the new Coronavirus. A reminder that while everyone else is trying to avoid it, frontline medical staff are risking their lives to cure it + save others. 
Australia declared its first novel coronavirus case in Victoria. Meanwhile Thailand confirms fifth case of the virus in the country. In China death toll rose to 41, with at least 1,287 confirmed cases. 
BREAKING: State-run China Global Television Network reported that a doctor at Hubei Xinhua Hospital who had been at the front line in battling the coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, China has died from the virus at age 62  
BREAKING Voice message from alleged medical staff  forward and says: - There are more than 100,000 infected, and the government are not providing medical supplies - People are dying in front of their eyes - To NOT TRUST the government #Coronavirus 
JUST IN: Doctor who died after treating patients infected with coronavirus has been named as Dr Liang Wudong
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation co-hosted a pandemic exercise in late 2019 that simulated a global coronavirus outbreak. 65 million dead! sauce:  …
NEW: China’s National Health Commission now confirms 1287 cases of pneumonia with new #coronavirus infections. Thats 6x as many cases as last Monday when the number was 219. Now in 29 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions. That’s nearly all of them. @CBSNews is here.
You attack who??? New q anon hit piece about coronavirus Mentions the far right conspiracy theory group qanon a few times  … Moooooooooovie. Bait set trap. MSM wakes up the normies for us. Thanks a bunch!!!
China wants to  a world leader in health and science. Its performance handling the coronavirus outbreak shows it has a way to go. 
. @ScottAdamsSays goes uncensored over the lack of a China travel ban as the #coronavirus continues to spread.  
A virologist in #Wuhan reports the government there has  paralyzed and has lost the ability to fight the coronavirus outbreak. This person believes Beijing is also incapable and is therefore appealing to the  for immediate help. #China #WuhanOutbreak
BREAKING: A doctor in Wuhan, China, has died after a suspected #coronavirus infection, local media reports. More on the latest @business:  #CoronavirusOutbreak 
I don't understand how people are getting coronavirus? Just stop drinking Corona? It's a shitty beer anyways
#Coronavirus - Death toll from the virus has risen to 41 and 1,287 cases. #WuhanVirus is spreading, reported cases in China, US, France, Japan, S Korea, Taiwan, Singapore, Thailand, Australia, Nepal, Vietnam, Hong Kong, Macau and France. Stay 
If this were a Hollywood movie, now would be the time to panic about coronavirus. In real life, however, all that most Americans need to do is wash their hands and proceed with their usual weekend plans.  …
The Coronavirus is an op. Biological warfare gone wrong.
My husband just said “I know how to fix this coronavirus. Just add a lime and you’ll be okay” wtf
A 53-year-old fitness trainer died in Wuhan after being told he was suffering from an untreatable virus in his lungs. His family expected the death certificate to cite the new coronavirus as cause of death. It didn't. 
URGENT: CHINA CURED FIRST PATIENT! #coronavirus #wuhan #WuhanCoronovirus #pneumonia 
"I have nowhere to turn to now. I can't stop crying when I see my two lovely children," a woman in Wuhan said. She and her husband were running a fever and feared they had the coronavirus. Their children are 3 years old and 4 months old. 
Three Wuhan families tell @xinwenfan that doctors had signaled their relatives had contracted the new coronavirus. But the death certificates all said otherwise, raising concerns that China's official tally may be underreporting the outbreak's severity.  …
Really think it would help my brand if I was the first  account to contract the coronavirus
I guess it is in Australia after all according to Newsweek: "Australia revealed its first confirmed case of coronavirus to be a Chinese man in New South Wales. Five other people in New South Wales are being tested for the virus."
The Wuhan coronavirus has a reproductive rate of 2.5, meaning each infected individual will affect 2.5 more people on average. That’s alarming when the number of infected people jumps from, say 500 to 1,750, Laurie Garrett writes. 
Novel #coronavirus outbreak in #China: Travel Advisory to travelers visiting China. @PMOIndia @drharshvardhan @AshwiniKChoubey @PIB_India @NITIAayog @MoCA_GoI 
World Wide Quarantines: #1 Coronavirus (NEW) — Spores: 316 (+316) — Audience: 32.00 (+32.00) 
WATCH: Given the severity of the situation, we just released this important video update on the #Coronavirus #pandemic 
a. Lot of things happened today keep an eye out for that coronavirus or ELSE.... 
Sad to learn a doctor who had been at the front line of the #coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, just passed away due to the virus.
Started reading about CoronaVirus. Too many conspiracy theories on FinTwit. Wanted to debunk nonsense. Oops. Here’s a 2017 Nature article in which experts blv that something exactly like this will happen . . . in Wuhan . . . As a result of human activity  …
#BreakingNews #NSTworld: A doctor at a hospital in #China’s #Hubei province, the centre of the #coronavirus outbreak, has died from the #virus.  … #wuhan
BREAKING: Hundreds of military medical staff have arrived in Wuhan, the epicentre of coronavirus outbreak.
I found this on Tik Tok. (No music) @lookner #coronavirus 
BREAKING: Doctor who was treating coronavirus in China has died of the virus
Earlier today, a Chicago woman became the second U.S. patient diagnosed with coronavirus. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is expecting more Americans to be diagnosed with the virus  days.  …
A second patient in the U.S. has been found to be infected with the Wuhan coronavirus, the CDC announced on Friday 
First #coronavirus patient in east China's Zhejiang Province cured 
I'd say eat the rich, but this one might give you coronavirus She knows she's sick but won't get screened to " fly to France and dine in restaurants there." Bloody selfish. Chinese tourist says she evaded coronavirus checks to fly to France  …
North Carolina health officials are investigating a possible coronavirus case in the Raleigh area. Awesome.  …
Coronavirus? Good thing I only drink great tasting, less filling Miller Lite  …
Coronavirus worries have surgical masks flying off shelves in New York's Chinatown  
"On January 21st, QAnon YouTuber and professional shit-strirrer Jordan Sather tweeted a link to a patent for coronavirus filed by the U.K.-based Pirbright Institute in 2015." Professional shit stirrer. Hah.  …
New York investigating 3 possible cases of coronavirus  … via @nypmetro
Chinese doctor battling coronavirus on ‘front line’ of outbreak epicenter in Hubei dies as death toll reaches 41 
Latest: Doctor died of the new #coronavirus - Liang Wudong, a senior doctor at a hospital in #Wuhan, died on January 25 after failing treatment for the new pneumonia at the age of 62. This is the very FIRST case of death concerning a doctor since the outbreak of the 
#coronavirus Thread: Virus-hit #Wuhan has 2 laboratories linked to #Chinese bio-warfare program #coronavirus maybe originated in a Wuhan laboratory linked to #China’s covert biological weapons program, says an #Israeli biological warfare expert  …
umm the rapid spread of the coronavirus is kinda.... concerning? 
Update: The pneumonia situation has resulted in 41 deaths in China. By end of Friday, the country has reported 1 ,287 confirmed cases of pneumonia caused by the novel coronavirus , including 237 in critical conditions  
#CoronaVirus (The Virus) Infection Update USA #56 (+2) UK #13 (+4) China #1 (+900) 
Cases of people infected with coronavirus reported in #France #Australia #USA and #UK. Reports on at least 100,000 people who might carry the virus in the chinese city of #Wuhan, the outbreaks center. Chinese new year traveling causes difficulties to contain the virus.
NEW: Doctor in China's Hubei province dies from coronavirus, according to Reuters, citing state media
you know what... now you wylin @coronavirus  …
Stay aware and awake guys! Coronavirus nakaabot na sa El Nido and possibly meron na dito. Maghugas lagi ng kamay and wear mask. Be more cautious to the people who surrounds you. This virus is uncurable (all virus are) so please stay safe.
Western press is getting to blame the PRC for the outbreak of the coronavirus while also framing every containment measure the PRC takes as authoritarian. They are salivating over this story and it’s disgusting.
Remarkable. China building 1000-bed hospital in just 10 days to treat victims of coronavirus outbreak. Can you imagine the US gov't responding to a public emergency in such a  way? Flint still doesn't have clean water after 5 years.  …
[world-wide panic due to coronavirus] me, an asian looking person: *coughs* everyone on the metro:
The Wuhan coronavirus has some people fearing a repeat of the SARS pandemic in 2003 that killed hundreds & wreaked havoc on Hong Kong's economy. A lot has changed, but there's still concern over China's response — and just how transparent Beijing is being. 
Ah shit, the coronavirus made it to the Mushroom Kingdom 
Australia declared its first confirmed case of the Wuhan coronavirus in Victoria, with the patient hospitalized in a stable condition in Melbourne  
#coronavirus Update: - 1,287 case confirmed in China, including 237 in critical conditions -41 deaths in China, including 39 in Hubei Province - 1 case in Nepal - 3 cases in France - 1 case in Australia - 2 cases in Vietnam - 3 cases in Singapore Etc, etc 
babe what if i had coronavirus... would u still kiss me... wait nevermind...it’s stupid... no i don’t care...
Need coronavirus memes STAT 
#BREAKING: Authorities confirm that a man in Melbourne who had travelled from Wuhan has tested positive for the deadly coronavirus.
New fears that #China is LYING about the severity of the #Coronavirus. After all, China doesn’t have a good track record of telling the truth, watch: 
#Breaking: Forty minutes ago, a 62-year-old doctor, Liang Wudong, died after being infected with the new coronavirus. He was the first doctor who martyred in the fighting agajnst the new coronavirus. R.I.P #ChineseVirus #WuhanCoronovirus #WuhanOutbreak
I’ve read they’re under reporting the amt of people. They can’t even explain HOW it’s spreading. How can they contain something worldwide if they don’t know?! China builds 1,000-bed coronavirus hospital in Wuhan at the epicenter of the outbreak  …
#coronavirus #Beijing & #Shanghai declare a public health emergency level 1, the highest level Most new cases are now occurring outside of the epicenter area. The propagation is now self sustaining since each infected person infects a few more and so 
Australia reported its first confirmed case of coronavirus following the infection of a Wuhan man who flew into Melbourne from China on Jan. 19 
Liang Wudong, a doctor at Hubei Xinhua Hospital and on the front line of the Coronavirus outbreak in Wuhan, has died from the virus at age 62.
Coronavirus outbreak: China death toll rises to 41 as France and Australia confirm cases – updates  …
China confirms 1,287 coronavirus cases, with 41 deaths  
China couldn't possibly be lying about the true extent of the coronavirus outbreak, could they? Surely not.
Colombia getting ready for the coronavirus like... 
The coronavirus is a direct result of k-pop
Informative #video on #coronavirus via 
Australia's first case of coronavirus has been confirmed in Melbourne from a passenger on an flight from China last week cc @thespybrief  …
#BREAKING: Health officials say that a case of coronavirus has been confirmed in Australia. 
The risk of coronavirus to children and pregnant women in the U.S. is currently low. But here's what parents need to know about the outbreak, via 
DNA sleuths read the coronavirus genome, tracing its origins and looking for dangerous mutations  … via @statnews
A man in his 50s has been confirmed as the first case of coronavirus in Australia.  …
#coronavirus #Australia confirms 1st case of coronavirus - A #Chinese national in his 50's, near Melbourne #France reports 3 confirmed cases of coronavirus Hubei province, epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak, is reporting 15 additional deaths & 180 new cases Via 
More than 1,000 people have been diagnosed with the new coronavirus in China 
China battles coronavirus outbreak: All the latest updates  …
Chinese diasporas on edge over coronavirus 
#BREAKING The Chinese man diagnosed with Coronavirus in a Melbourne hospital did NOT go to the markets in Wuhan where it is thought to have originated. He’s a second generation case and it’s unclear how he got it. @abcnews
#Breaking: #Australia confirms first case of #Coronavirus.
First confirmed case of coronavirus in Australia. ‘The Sunday Herald Sun has learned the person returned to Melbourne from Wuhan in China last week. The State Government will make the announcement today.’ 
 Chinese doctors (my old clients and friends) on the ground in China have given me inside info on what's happening on the ground in China regarding the  and watch this, it's important 
Victorian man tests positive for coronavirus, as China expands shutdown Build a wall around Victoria!  …
What you need to know about #coronavirus and signs & symptoms. Wash your hands! #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Coronavirus? Hit me with that modelovirus
2020 so far: - US killing Qassem Soleimani and Iranian retaliation - Iran downs Ukrainian plane - Trump impeachment - Russian PM resigns - New strand of coronavirus - Volcano eruption in Philippines - Earthquake in Turkey - Avalanche in Kashmir
January 25 is the first day of the Lunar New Year, as countries across Asia greet the Year of the Rat. But celebrations will be considerably smaller in China this year as authorities seek to help contain the Wuhan coronavirus. Follow live updates: 
Number of confirmed China virus cases soars to nearly 1,300, says official | via @AFP #coronavirus 
BREAKING: A Chinese man aged in his 50s is the first confirmed case of coronavirus in Victoria. He is being treated at Monash hospital in Clayton  …
#BREAKING: A man in Victoria is confirmed to have contracted the coronavirus, with five people also being tested in NSW.
BREAKING: Australia confirms 1st case of new coronavirus - Health officials
Sensible people : NEW STRAND OF CORONAVIRUS - 41 people have died, 1287 infected - Cities  population of 40 million on lockdown - Five people being tested in Australia - World Health Organisation declares emergency for China Menteri DAP-PH : 
Victorian Health has confirmed it has Australia’s first confirmed case of the new and deadly coronavirus. The state’s health minister said the person is a Chinese National in his 50s that had spent time in the city Wuhan. He has been isolated in a Melbourne hospital.
China says it will build a hospital in 6 days to fight Wuhan's coronavirus. President @realDonaldTrump revived the American dream in less than 3 years, defeating the democrats virus. @AmyKremer @RealDrGina @Jamierodr14 @Lrihendry @AppSame @KatrinaPierson @parscale 
BREAKING: Health Minister Jenny Mikakos confirms first case of coronavirus in Australia is a Chinese national in Melbourne. He returned from Wahu in China on Jan 19. In isolation at Monash hospital in Clayton. More @theheraldsun 
The Vic Govt says everyone who traveled on this flight will be contacted directly. #Coronavirus
BREAKING: Australia’s first case of coronavirus has been confirmed here in Melbourne. A man in his 50s from Wuhan is in a stable condition and in isolation at Monash Hospital in Clayton. He flew into Melb on flight CZ321 on Jan 19. 
BREAKING: The first case of the deadly coronavirus in Australia has been confirmed - a man in Melbourne who had traveled from Wuhan, China.
#World #News in ONE day today includes: Coronavirus spreads to France, a 6.8 earthquake in Turkey, explosive eruptions from the Mount Etna volcano and a literal plague of locusts in East Africa. Honestly, this is a #WakeUp call!! #Prophecy is unfolding before our eyes!
China reports 1,287 confirmed cases of new coronavirus pneumonia, including 237 in critical conditions  
President Trump needs to quarantine himself away from EVERYONE until this coronavirus is under control
Chinese 'nurse' claims 'everyone will end up being infected' as corpses of coronavirus victims are left lying in a Wuhan hospital  #CoronavirusOutbreak
also my brother and i had noticed the similarities between the coronavirus outbreak and the 2011 movie Contagion lol that’s so insane
Even the game Plague Inc tutorial starts in China... #Wuhan #CoronaVirus 
This is a rough translation from a Chinese doctor in Wuhan china who sent a video to inform the public. Please help inform. C:to the owner #coronavirus 
NEW: It’s Chinese new year here in Beijing but it’s tough to truly celebrate. #Coronavirus cases have jumped past 1,000, up 180 overnight. 41 people have died, up 15. And watch - Wuhan is rushing to build a hospital in 10 days with 1,000 beds! @CBSNews is here. @CBSEveningNews 
Number 15: Bat soup. The last thing you'd want in your soup is a bat. But as it turns out, that might be what you get. A Chinese man ate this forbidden dish, and caught the Coronavirus. Watch out when visiting Chinese food markets, because you might be next. 
Don’t be fooled! BuzzFeed News  a running list of the disinformation being spread about the coronavirus outbreak  …
All you need to know about #coronavirus Stay safe guys!!! #WuhanCoronovirus 
China tryna control the coronavirus 
As more data on the new coronavirus circulating in China emerges, it’s  clear that whatever the country is experiencing now—dozens of deaths, hundreds of people hospitalized, cities of millions quarantined—is just the tip of the outbreak. 
Three cases of Wuhan coronavirus have been identified in France, the Health Ministry says. They are the first European cases of the newly discovered virus, officials said.  
the coronavirus wiping out humanity
Here's A Running List Of Disinformation Spreading About The Coronavirus  … via @janelytv
So are we still allowed to drink Corona’s..?? I can’t get the coronavirus can i...
Chinese students from coronavirus-ravaged Wuhan 'went clubbing in Cambridge this week'  #CoronavirusOutbreak
#Coronavirus 1. Very contagious 2. Causes a severe illness 3. There are no treatments or vaccines available 4. Affects healthy people 5. Human to human transmission  …
The coronavirus is contracted through human contact So us introverts are gonna be JUST FINE.
“Today, I am announcing  ban on beer imports from Mexico in order to help contain the Coronavirus.” - Donald Trump, soon (probably)
#BREAKING: China confirms 1,287 cases of patients with the coronavirus, while the death toll has risen to 41.
