As others have already said, we see the novel coronavirus from Wuhan grouping with sampled SARS-related bat coronaviruses. We thank Professor Zhang and colleagues for amazingly rapid data sharing. A full interactive phylogeny of beta-CoV diversity is here:  
Today @WHO received genetic sequences for the novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) from Chinese authorities. I sincerely thank all the Chinese scientists and health workers who have been working around the clock, for  to keeping #China and the world 
I have spoken yesterday with my brother, #China Minister of Health Ma Xiaowei. I appreciate  and work and the Chinese government’s leadership in global public health by sharing information on this novel #coronavirus (2019-nC0V) in a timely manner.
China releases genetic data on new coronavirus, now deadly  …. The nCoV in genetically 89% similar to the SARS-Cv.
Genetic sequences of the novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) will allow countries to develop specific diagnostic kits, quickly identify and then care for anyone infected, and ensure better health  and containment of the virus. 
BREAKING: WHO has received the genetic sequences for the novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) from the Chinese authorities. We expect them to be made publicly available as soon as possible. 
A new coronavirus may be the cause of a pneumonia outbreak being investigated in China. CDC is closely monitoring the situation & has stood up emergency response system in case it’s needed. Learn more: 
Rapid phylogenetic analysis of novel Wuhan China human Coronavirus shows it definitely clusters with the #SARS-related CoV clade. Note: prelim analysis based on 410bp of RdRp. More analyses  but great to see seq data being shared by China. @EcoHealthNYC 
The new #coronavirus has 89% identity to a SARS-related bat coronavirus  …) in the Sarbecovirus group of betacoronaviruses. But that doesn’t mean  from bats. MERS-CoV is 88% identical to the nearest known bat virus and MERS is endemic in camels.
WHO is providing information to countries on how to prepare for the new #coronavirus, incl. how to: monitor for sick people test samples treat patients control infection in health centres maintain the right  with the public about the virus 
NEW: WHO interim guidance on a range of topics to help countries manage the new #coronavirus  
On January 11, Chinese authorities reported to @WHO that, with use of the genomic test kit, the number of cases affected by the new coronavirus in #Wuhan, #China was narrowed from the previous 59 suspected cases to 41 cases. (1/3)
Health authorities in the central Chinese city of Wuhan reports the country's first death from a new type of coronavirus. 
Crap, a quick blast search suggests the Wuhan coronavirus looks like a Bat SARS-like coronavirus with 89.12% identity and 82.34% identify to a SARS coronavirus. @MackayIM 
Genome sequence of the new coronavirus associated with a pneumonia cluster in Wuhan, China:  …
All, an initial genome sequence of the coronavirus associated with the Wuhan outbreak is now available at  here:  …
#BREAKING: The new mystery coronavirus in the #WuhanPneumonia outbreak has already resulted in the first recorded death, say @now_News as well as other Hong Kong media 
Chinese authorities think they've identified a new coronavirus—a member of the family of viruses that caused SARS and MERS—that could be behind the mysterious pneumonia cases in Central China, WHO says. 
Mystery illness in Wuhan 'caused by coronavirus' 
A preliminary investigation into viral pneumonia illnesses sickening dozens of people in and around China identifies the possible cause as a new type of coronavirus, state media says. 
Whole genome sequences for the novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) from the Chinese authorities were shared with WHO and have also been submitted by Chinese authorities to the GISAID platform so that they can be accessed by public health authorities, laboratories and researchers. 
WHO encourages all countries to continue preparedness activities, and has issued interim guidance on how to do this. #coronavirus (2019-nCoV)  …
WHO thanks the Chinese authorities for  to sharing information on the novel #coronavirus (2019-nC0V) as they continue intensive surveillance and follow-up measures, including environmental investigations in 
Preliminary analysis of the novel coronavirus (in red) believed to be responsible for an outbreak of pneumonia in Wuhan, China shows it's closely related to SARS CoV.  
We should all also thank Professor Yong-Zhen Zhang, from Fudan University for releasing the Wuhan Coronavirus sequence. I am sure his group was under lots of pressure and a great story to how this unfolded up till now. Lots more more work to do. #Wuhan #pneumonia
NEW: WHO draft list of supplies needed for laboratories and health centers managing a novel #coronavirus.  (under ‘Technical 
Interim guidance and other information issued by @WHO for countries to manage a novel #coronavirus. We will continue to update as more info received.  …
NEW: WHO tool for national authorities to review their capacity to detect and respond to a novel #coronavirus  (under ‘Technical 
NEW: WHO interim guidance: Surveillance case definitions for human infection with a novel #coronavirus  (under ‘Technical 
NEW: WHO interim guidance: Infection prevention and control during health care when a novel #coronavirus infection is suspected  (under ‘Technical 
NEW: WHO interim guidance: Laboratory testing of human suspected cases of novel #coronavirus infection  (under ‘Technical 
WHO advice for international travel and trade in relation to the outbreak of pneumonia caused by a new #coronavirus in #Wuhan, #China  
The coronavirus found in #Wuhanhas already been confirmed as a new strain. Its genome has a similarity of 73% as the SARS virus found in GuangDongin 2003 According to previous report, there are 41 pneumonia cases in Wuhan, only one patient was dead 
A new strain of coronavirus has been discovered in China, which health officials think is likely the culprit in a pneumonia outbreak in the central city of Wuhan. It doesn't appear to spread easily between people. 
Lethal SARS-linked coronavirus claims first life as China’s pneumonia outbreak infects dozens 
#UPDATE Out of 41 people diagnosed with the new type of coronavirus in the city of Wuhan, China, one had died, two were discharged from treatment, and seven remained in serious condition 
Initial genome release of novel #Wuhan #Pneumonia #coronavirus  … #wuhancluster #WuhanPneumonia Start your engines assay designers!
Protect yourself & reduce risk from #coronavirus infection: Hand hygiene Cover mouth & nose when coughing & sneezing Thoroughly cook meat & eggs Avoid close contact with anyone with respiratory illness Avoid close contact with wild or live farm animals 
A new strain? 'Mystery' pneumonia outbreak in China could be linked to #coronavirus. “It’s hard to know how severe a new infection is, because you only see the cases that are severe enough to be detected."  in @newscientist 
Scientists investigating a mystery illness that has sickened dozens in central China have discovered a new strain of coronavirus. "The Wuhan strain is similar to bat coronaviruses that were a precursor to SARS."  … via @WSJ
The past applied to the future: Broad-spectrum antivirals for emerging coronavirus! I am willing to bet that remdesivir will work against the Wuhan CoV #SARS #MERS #WuHanPneumonia #emergingviruses #coronavirus  …
China - Media: WSJ says sources tell them mystery pneumonia is a new coronavirus - something that has been speculated for days.  … h/t Shiloh, alert
While everyone is focused on the #novel_coronavirus identified in #Wuhan China, the #MERS-CoV with CFR 35% continues to circulate on the #Arabian_Peninsula. In past 2 weeks, 3 cases in #Qatar, 5 cases in #KSA (2 fatal) and now 1 in the #UAE. See pending @ProMED_mail post.
This is the most detailed information so far on the detection of a novel #coronavirus in several patients with #UndiagnosedPneumonia from  …
A new strain of Coronavirus may be responsible for the mysterious outbreak that has affected almost 60 in #Wuhan, China. No human-to-human transmission reported. Some other important #Coronavirus include #MERS and #SARS. Investigations are  …
Appears the cause of the #Wuhanpneumonia is as suspected, a #novel coronavirus. Curious since it appears to have connection to seafood market if it is zoonotic in etiology. Perfect example of why #OneHealth and #healthsecurity are  …
WSJ Report Links Novel Coronavirus To Wuhan #Pneumonia Cluster. This virus seems to be quite similar to some previously described bat-borne Coronavirus. No oficial information was released yet.  
Coronavirus are just masters in species spillover - MERS, SARS, and now this - good that so much work on these fascinating viruses has been done in the past that will help to understand this new outbreak #CoV #emergingviruses  …
The cause of the Wuhan pneumonia has reportedly been identified as a novel coronavirus. An official announcement from China has not yet been made.  …
A new coronavirus apparently. So my immediate thoughts are that this must be exposure to live animals (probably mammals) in an urban environment.  …
“The novel coronavirus was genetically sequenced from a sample from one patient and subsequently found in some of the others”— remember HKU-1 and NL63 were all post-SARS discovered coronaviruses and basically act like traditional coronaviruses  …
No official announcement of a Coronavirus linked to the Wuhan Pneumonia outbreak. With no sequence or epi data, should be cautious  linking to this outbreak.
Wow! This one makes at least 3 new human coronavirus since 2002. Let’s get to work. #sars #mers #WuHanPneumonia #emergingviruses  …
. @WSJ WSJ: New Virus Discovered by Chinese Scientists Investigating #Wuhan #Pneumonia Outbreak -- a coronavirus 
According to a news report by @icablenews, Prof. KY Yuen from @HKUniversity hypothesized that #WuHanPneumonia might be caused by bat #coronavirus which jumped to intermediate host and pass to human via bushmeat consumption.
He passed away in early hours of yesterday morning. He also had coronavirus. Whatever life dogs have had in China, whether they are a guard dog or used for breeding, many can survive for years in their environments... 
Cryo-EM analysis of a feline coronavirus spike protein reveals a unique structure and camouflaging glycans  …
It’s not known whether a #SARS-like “ #coronavirus” has been identified, although there have been “numerous unsubstantiated reports mentioning a novel coronavirus that is SARS-like,” the @ISID_org ProMED said Friday.  …
China Mystery Pneumonia in Wuhan : Media: "It's obviously a virus," Fauci says, as bacteria would have been found quickly in cultures. "My guess would be that it's a different kind of coronavirus."  … h/t alert
Very busy kidney from a cat with feline infectious peritonitis (caused by infection with mutated feline enteric coronavirus). Classic granulomatous inflammation centered on vessels. 
