So far the federal Government has spent nearly 3 trillion on Covid-19 programs. That’s enough to have given every American over the age of 18 $2000 for the next 6 months.  …
#Sweden head of #Coronavirus strategy makes a fair point, whatever your opinion on the matter... 
Coronavirus: 'I had to shave off my beard so I could wear a face mask' 
The vast majority of students in Vic are learning from home because that is the advice from our health experts. If we did not follow this advice, more than 1 million children, their parents and school staff congregating at schools could spread Coronavirus in 
Me[during Fasting] *Accidentally opens fridge * Water and Doodh be 
Here's Trump's tweet claiming he never referred to coronavirus as a "hoax," followed by the Feb. 28 clip of him saying Dems "are politicizing the coronavirus ... this is their new hoax." (Note that he also brags about there being only 15 US cases; there are nearly a million now.) 
So does this mean no more trump coronavirus rallies?
I am not a virologist but how about using mini uv-lights inside mouthcaps to kill the #coronavirus while entering? 
Chinese activists detained after sharing censored #coronavirus material on crowdsourcing site Github The three were contributors to a project that aimed to preserve material censors had tried to wipe from the web  …
Trump tweets coronavirus briefings are "not worth the time & effort!"  
Missed this story earlier but Becket Adams has a great piece here. Journalists get touchy, defensive over incorrect <i>Washington Post</i> headline on Robert Redfield and coronavirus 
What does the digital currency and cashless society have  with coronavirus, is this one of the reasons Sweden is not under lockdown as they're already "cashless" and ready to get chipped? 
If people are drinking bleach because they think it cures coronavirus, it’s probably best for the human race that they exit the gene pool.
40 Coronavirus Cases In Milwaukee County Linked To Wisconsin Election, Health Official Says 
coronavirus ready 
If the reports that Kim Jong-Un is dead are true— I would like to point to the obvious fact that no matter what, his death  by #coronavirus, and he will be added to the Covid-19 count, accordingly.
President Trump skipped his daily coronavirus briefing on Saturday, amid concerns among allies that his near-constant presence on television is diminishing his standing  …
THREAD: 5 key facts you need to know about President @realDonaldTrump’s #coronavirus response
Schiff sees "profound and disturbing echo" of impeachment in Trump's coronavirus response  
“Muslims don’t get any rations. Muslims spread coronavirus.” Hindu humanitarian aid workers in Bihar, India deny food packages to impoverished Muslim families. (via DOAM) 
Dr. Anthony Fauci says the US should double its coronavirus testing over the next several weeks  
A study of the NSW school students and staff who have tested positive for COVID-19 found an "extraordinarily" low rate of transmission in  …
City and state officials have decided to open 2,000 fewer beds at the McCormick Place medical center, citing the slowing growth of COVID-19 cases in 
Lock him up and throw away the key. #WuhanVirus #COVID19 #LockUpBillGates #coronavirus #CoronaLockdown #ChinaVirus #KeepAmericaGreat #Trump2020 #DeepState #Geoengineering #chemtrails 
@mechaelewh Nassau County Buses FREE during Coronavirus COVID-19 Thank you #nassaucounty 
If money and coronavirus were not an issue, where would you like to be right now, #AidanCrew? I would like to be in one of the 7,100 islands of the 
Premiere tonight at 8pm ET—"The CCP Method":  "The CCP Method" reveals the #ChineseCommunistParty’s nefarious agenda to dominate the world, using a 3-prong strategy: Deception, Infiltration & Domination. The #coronavirus outbreak is the latest wakeup call. 
Drinking bleach to be free from coronavirus? Americans: 
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said that Canada's approach to reopening its economy from the coronavirus shutdown would be "cautious" and not depend on the development of widespread immunity in the population  
Walmart is immune to the corona virus It mostly kills small businesses
Seriously, if you’re drinking Clorox or fish tank water, Coronavirus isn’t your problem.
USA TODAY: Coronavirus at meatpacking plants worse than first thought - Operators may have to choose between worker health or meat in stores. Industrial agriculture is a serious menace to the public health:  …
"Fox News" said they never called Coronavirus a hoax! 
Jimmy Carter and his family ask for @CarterCenter donations to be redirected for coronavirus relief. Thank you, President Jimmy Carter! #COVID19 
#ChineseVirus19 After watching the mass destruction done by Coronavirus, China to Wuhan Scientists* 
Sharing Some Lines on Lockdown period. #coronavirus 
Coronavirus deaths, worldwide. 25th of January: 50 25th of February: 2,760 25th of March: 21,000 Now: 200,000
Public figures in countries that have been friendly with China have begun using anti-Chinese language around the coronavirus. This should alarm the Chinese Communist Party, @charlesdunst 
President Donald Trump signed a $484 billion deal to help small businesses, hospitals and coronavirus testing. 
Here's Trump's tweet claiming he wasn't speaking to Dr. Birx about "light and heat" being a potential coronavirus cure, followed by the video clip proving he's lying 
Weave me a rope that will pull me through these impossible times. ~Tim Finn #coronavirus 
Special Report:  risk billions in race for coronavirus vaccine  
Week 10 of lockdown #Coronavirus 
We need a president who is a cross between F.D.R., Justice Brandeis and Jonas Salk. We got a president who is a cross between Dr. Phil, Dr. Strangelove and Dr.  …
The Georgia guidestones just had a paint job #coronavirus 
"follow your bliss" the people making 
He definitely downplayed the seriousness of the Coronavirus when he claimed it would be the next Democratic hoax created to make him look bad.
These robots are delivering goods in Colombia during the country’s coronavirus lockdown. 
The animal trade generated this virus, and now in the US it's surging specifically in slaughterhouses and  surrounding them. This is a pandemic born from and sustained by animal exploitation.  …
California as a whole breeding ground for coronavirus
LAPD Chief Michel Moore praises Angelenos, shares photos of empty beaches amid heat wave with stay-at-home orders still in 
“The coronavirus, this is their new hoax.” As it turned out, you meant their criticism of your abysmal handling of coronavirus was a hoax. It WASN'T. Your handling SUCKED, and continues to suck. You should just stay away from the word HOAX. Or just stay away from WORDS.
Why are @theage only showing stats on how many Australian's have had Coronavirus and are not showing any stats for recovery numbers? Stop trying to scare your readers.
Coronavirus is only eyes opener Two States Uttar Pradesh and Maharashtra Should unite for Labour With Railway @myogiadityanath @CMOMaharashtra Golden opportunity  …
"Eh yuh think we might be out by the 30th?" Coronavirus: 
The coronavirus pandemic has made one thing perfectly clear: It's time to split the country 
Doing my part to slow the  Because if Trump doesn’t win in a landslide in 2020, the Democrats will do everything they can to further perish this country. They are loving every minute of this #coronavirus hysteria which has furthered their socialist ambition 
Chronicle Exclusive: Autopsy report of first known coronavirus death in U.S. says disease caused Santa Clara woman’s heart to rupture.  
Introducing the @realDonaldTrump breakfast of champions! #resist #VoteBlueToEndThisNightmare #coronavirus 
Those working in supermarkets during #Covid19 are doing a vital job. They deserve our support & thanks. They are ensuring we can access the supplies we need. When the rest of us are to #Stayathome, they are going to work to help us. Please show them respect #coronavirus  …
Coronavirus: Ladakh Tests 2 More Positive, Tally Reaches 20 #coronavirusinindia 
I caught the Coronavirus prank on Cousin 15rts  100+likes #storytimethread #threadstorytime 
My 4.5 year old asked me today - "Will Coronavirus still be here for another 10 years?". We forget sometimes how different their sense of time is at that age. The kids are really playing a blinder during all of this given their lives have changed so much. 
CM Yogi Adityanath is using coronavirus pandemic to curb religious freedom of Muslims. Police is forcefully banning Azaan in several districts. @Uppolice please clarify. People are not going Masjid for namaaz so why these kinds of order are being made? 
"The Postal Service is a joke," President Donald Trump told reporters in the Oval  …
The reason you don't have vaccines for coronaviruses; vaccines make reinfections more lethal. Flu shot makes coronaviruses more lethal. Have you had your flu shot  …
Trump Forces Media To Watch Their Own Coronavirus Failures, Video Broadcast to Nation  …
 …
The U.S. has long had a patchwork system of medical examiners, coroners and doctors who have disparate medical backgrounds, and in some cases none at all. How does that affect our ability to prevent the spread of this #coronavirus? My latest:  …
According to authorities, the Del Rio Sector of the U.S.-Mexico border has seen a 721% increase in confiscated  …
As much of the country goes slow in emerging from coronavirus shutdowns, Fairbanks, Alaska, became one of the few cities in the nation whose restaurants have reopened. Loyal patrons of the Roundup Steakhouse were delighted.  …
#BREAKING || Number of global Coronavirus deaths passes 200,000. 
the effects from a mad man who touted a hydroxychloroquine without tests....people died and others with Lupus suffered.... @POTUS fails again....and is responsible for these deaths as well....it is time the Coronavirus Taskforce is led by the scientists!  …
CDC adds six more symptoms for coronavirus  
I found the cure for coronavirus 
When Corona Virus enter the world, everybody bow to respect the killers. 
Science is based on skepticism. Scientism is a political dogma that puts science in the service of  …
Puerto Rico is still waiting for those stimulus checks, says San Juan 
It’s Saturday night. Lets do 
Class-action lawsuits have been filed against three NY universities by students who argue the schools have failed to adequately refund or reimburse students for tuition and other fees they paid to have in-person, on-campus classes and other 
Wow! Way to go OC...not! Highest number of new cases (124) reported today. Have fun at the beach. #coronavirus 
Mutated strains are a possible reason why we're seeing such divergent  around the  …
There are more than 1.5 million homeless public school students in the U.S., but the mass closures of school buildings all over the country due to the coronavirus have left them even more vulnerable than before. 
Looking good-no corona virus here! 
What you said was that the coronavirus was the Democrats’ new hoax. If you had the integrity of a decent human being, you would apologize to the families of the 54,000 Americans who’ve been killed by Covid-19 since you said that. 
Lol. Yes you did. You called it a Democratic hoax. You’re like a child who never learns. It’s sad. My heart goes out to your parents who had to live with your mental deficiencies for decades. You’re going to prison,  …
In the current time of #coronavirus #pandemic most of the countries around the world adopt online education systems The Gaza Strip is facing difficulties in doing so where the Israeli occupation authorities still keep Gaza's  networks at the obsolete 2G 
Trump supporters curing #coronavirus following their crazed leaders instructions. 
In the very beginning, nobody had all the facts about the coronavirus. Even the WHO said there was no evidence of human-to-human transmission at first. It’s ok to base your decisions and judgement on the most current information and facts, but it’s not ok to keep lying about it.
FT #coronavirus graphs for 25 Apr 
The leftist media is rooting for the #coronavirus and actively suppressing treatments and preventatives. Why? Because they hate  …
If getting a coronavirus test was as easy as getting an AR-15, we could reopen the economy today.
Say it loud, say it clear: Donald tRump needs to resign over his handling of the coronavirus! The Boston Globe  …
Scientists at Cedars-Sinai are developing an ultraviolet light that is inserted into the lungs of coronavirus patients to kill the virus living there. Trump was right again about "inserting UV light." It's called the #Healight 
Guru Siyag has developed his unique form of yoga called Siddha Yoga to achieve this lofty goal by helping to eliminate suffering and pain caused by dreaded diseases such as cancer HIV/AIDS, coronavirus and promoting brotherhood, peace around the world through Spiritual Evolution. 
Me dying from coronavirus while doctors and nurses are busy making TikTok videos 
This is just sad. It is literally on video. Stop 
Within the scope of the fight against coronavirus on the Matterhorn Mountain of Switzerland, the flag of one of the countries, which is seen every day, is reflected. Last night, the silhouette of the Turkish flag was reflected on the mountain. 
if coronavirus was a tv character 
#coronavirus block party in 
Kylie Jenner gets slammed for buying a house during the coronavirus pandemic 
Trust me, gloves work.. #coronavirus 
In four U.S. state prisons, nearly 3,300 inmates test positive for coronavirus -- 96% without symptoms  
I wish malaria had been eradicated before the outbreak of #coronavirus #Covid19! Most merciful Jesus Christ, heal us & our land, we pray  …
Trump bragged about the ratings his coronavirus news conferences were getting in the middle of a pandemic and  them to the finale of The Bachelor. But as soon as he makes  fool of himself telling Americans to inject disinfectants into their blood, he quits.
The #Iran regime claims that int'l sanctions have hampered its ability to import medicine to fight the #coronavirus crisis A glance at its state-run news agencies,however,shows that the rgm has imported tons of medicine&medical equipment within just2 
More absurd grocery store policies: There is a 35 minute wait outside of @wholefoods because they don’t want to overcrowd the grocery shop itself— which is empty. Picture 1 is the checkout line inside— picture 2 is the halfway point of the line outside to get in. #coronavirus 
Germany granted its first clinical trial of a #coronavirus vaccine, which will be tested on 200 healthy volunteers. 
“... government has  interest in public safety. [But]...it has the burden of showing that its proposed restrictions are necessary, that there are no more modest measures that could better balance public safety with our right to live  …
The purpose of daily White House coronavirus press conferences are to satiate your appetite for attention.  …
Capt. Crozier was right. He should be  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci says the U.S. should at least double coronavirus testing in  weeks before easing into reopening the economy  …
The Main Stream Media and coronavirus! #Covid_19 #Maga #TheGreatAwkening #ChineseVirus #CNN #Qanon #Wwg1wga #Democrats #Pelosi #Fakenews 
A Message from Rapunzel. Rapunzel made this quick video specially for your children to explain the times will get better. Share this video with others to spread #MagicTogether. - #covid19 #coronavirus #disney #DisneyPlus #rapunzel #love #kindess 
Venezuela, people storm stores as hunger descends on people because of quarantine they cant work and have nothing to eat. #Covid_19 #coronavirus 
Inactivation of three emerging viruses – severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus, Crimean–Congo haemorrhagic fever virus and Nipah virus – in platelet concentrates by ultraviolet C light and in plasma by methylene blue plus visible light.  …
Say it loud, say it clear: Donald Trump needs to resign over his handling of the coronavirus  …
- World War 3 almost starting - Australian wild fires - Coronavirus - Lockdown - Economic collapse - Trump: Impeach/bleach - Kim Jong Un And it’s only April.... The history book kids are going to have to read in the future: 
China has not shared any #COVID19 virus or clinical samples to the best of our knowledge. The United States is calling on the Chinese Communist Party to be transparent with the world so that we  the #coronavirus and prevent future pandemics of this scale. 
Passed-out passengers, trash, urine fill subway cars amid coronavirus crisis  
Something new in my Minca, #Colombia backyard today - monkeys! Howler monkeys to be exact. Thanks to the #coronavirus - no cars or people in town. 
Walgreens is testing for Coronavirus for free at 8600 Camp Bowie Blvd
There is 'no evidence' that antibodies protect recovered coronavirus patients, WHO says  
In four U.S. state prisons, nearly 3,300 inmates test positive for coronavirus -- 96% without symptoms 
I see a lot of malpractice   …
Coronavirus: Zoo running out of money to look after animals  …
'Don't bail out tax  with coronavirus relief' says MP  
Just after the #Coronavirus & 
Wow Bragging about getting information removed on a promising treatment being developed at Cedars Sinai that could help win the fight against coronavirus. This is today's fascist media. #EnemyOfThePeople
“Senegal has the largest rate of recovery in patients infected with the coronavirus in Africa, the third in the world, ahead of countries like the United States and France.”  …
Ashford Inc., the publicly traded hotel management chain owned by #MontyBennett that has received 60M coronavirus relief aid, says it plans to ignore critics & keep the money it's getting from a federal loan program meant to assist small business  …
Spanish police corps using drones to guarantee confinement measures during #CoronaVirus global crisis. 
EXCLUSIVE: The nation's top military officer wants a broader investigation into the firing of an aircraft carrier captain, after top Navy leaders  Capt. Brett Crozier be reinstated  of the USS Theodore Roosevelt  … @laraseligman
WHO warns there is no evidence that people who have had the new coronavirus are immunised and protected against reinfection, raising doubts over the use of “immunity passports” to allow some people at least to return to normal life.  
Loved this one ! #coronavirus #Covid_19 #CreativityInTheTimeOfCorona 
Who's with me? #amwriting #amreading #coronavirus #Covid_19 
cant believe i was going to learn how to drive then the coronavirus happened 
Dawisu disrespecting Emir Sanusi online V.S Dawisu updating people of Kano on Corona Virus 
Prime Minister Boris Johnson will be back at work in Downing Street from Monday morning, after recovering from coronavirus  
Fuck me. Here's 2020 summed up in 1 headline. #yeg #COVID19 #coronavirus 
The doctor in charge of the federal agency overseeing research into a coronavirus vaccine said on Wednesday he was forced out of the job after questioning the efficacy of an anti-malarial drug favored by the president.  …
"Thank you again to the docs and the nurses on the frontlines doing the real work" says Brooke 
"The reframing of nonpayment as a strike—an act of collective resistance—is a powerful rejection of the sort of capitalist ethic that accords moral failing to an individual’s inability to pay a landlord." @housing4allNY @RTCNYC #CancelRent  …
My wife sent me this a few minutes ago. This is the O2 in London. It has a capacity of 20,000. Today the death toll from Coronavirus hit 20,000 people. This means more than 20,000 families are now mourning. I cannot express enough how important it is to #StayHome. 
And the media thought they had problems with President Trump on health issues! "Biden ‘Expert’ Ezekiel Emanuel Over-Estimated Coronavirus Cases by 99 Million"  …
Coronavirus: Boris Johnson will be back at work in Downing Street on Monday  …
AUDIO: Nigerian Woman Cries Out For Help After Son-In law Dies Following @NCDCgov's Refusal To Show Up In Kano FULL AUDIO:  #coronavirus 
Absolutely this! I’m not homeschooling my kids; they are distance learning. Our teachers are pushing through challenges to provide quality education to our students. Calling what I do “homeschool” underplays the hard work of our  …
rich white women are tired of staying at home watching telly & doing yoga in the spare bedroom so they’re off out spreading coronavirus instead x  …
BREAKING: It’s official! No coronavirus propaganda press conference today!
Physicians  overwhelmed by COVID-19 face momentous decisions over which critically ill patients should have access to life-saving ventilators and other scarce resources and which patients should be denied. (via  …
Who do you want to rebuild the American economy after #coronavirus? Listen to @DonaldJTrumpJr on @BreitbartNews Saturday with @SIRIUSXM On Demand  
24/04/2020 Trump: "Inject disinfectant into your lungs to beat Coronavirus." 25/04/2020 RIP Kim Jong Un 
the national domestic workers alliance coronavirus care fund provides emergency assistance for qualifying home care workers, nannies and house cleaners who are experiencing financial hardship due to COVID-19  …
Thanks Texans for supporting our efforts to corral the #coronavirus. Your success in slowing the #COVID19 spread will allow Texas to open our economy even more. We will focus on safety first & be guided doctors & data. We will create more jobs & reduce unemployment. 
Asistindo a Donald Trump #HumorGalego #Coronavirus #Saude 
OPINION: China must pay for the Coronavirus crisis  
BREAKING: Suspected Coronavirus Patient Absconds From Ondo Hospital | Sahara Reporters 
Another season is over!, it’s a Shame it’s been cancelled due to the coronavirus but can’t wait for next season to get started! #WeAreBromley #PerformanceAnalysis 
WATCH: The Government has instructed that all Jamaicans must wear a mask, once they are in the public space as an additional measure to contain the spread of the new #coronavirus. Here's registered nurse Kevin Morrison with tips on how to wear a mask properly to protect oneself. 
corona beres be like. #recehkansahur #recehantwitter #receh #Covid_19 #coronavirus 
Coronavirus Chronicles: Nurse Alexandra Owensby wants to keep rural hospitals active 
Was just informed that the Fake News from the Thursday White House Press Conference had me speaking & asking questions of Dr. Deborah Birx. Wrong, I was speaking to our Laboratory expert, not Deborah, about sunlight etc. & the CoronaVirus. The Lamestream Media is corrupt & sick!
#coronavirus can’t stop me from moving #bigmoves2020 #tellme_boikelvis #werisebygrace 
We Need Herd Immunity From Trump and the Coronavirus 
Joe Biden forgot the name of the coronavirus. 
Big Imam saying corona virus is a lie...misleading the people.we are in a major wahala. 
Ramadan 2020 just got better.... #2k20 #RamadanMubarak #ramadankareem #boboiboy #boboiboygalaxy #puasa #fastingandprayers #fasting #coronavirus #COVID19 
USAID (United States Agency for Israeli Deprivation): “United States Agency for International Development has moved to aggressively block the distribution of coronavirus relief funds to the entire Gaza strip...”  …
A San Jose woman is now believed to have died of the coronavirus on Feb. 6 — meaning she must have contracted it days, if not weeks, earlier. That suggests it was spreading in the region in late January, if not sooner. 
President Trump’s aides and allies are increasingly worried that his lengthy appearances at daily coronavirus briefings may backfire politically, and White House officials say they are evaluating whether to reduce his participation in news conferences. 
Oh my goesIn the middle of a soccer field,wearing protecting masks and sitting more than 10 feet apart,hopeful insurance professionals in #SouthKorea brave the elements to take the national #examination for insurance agents amid the #coronavirus 
The more we learn about Cuomo’s decision the more appalling it  …
Before crowds and After Empty; Coronavirus 2020 #hawaii #oahu #waikiki #covid19hawaii 
Me being prepared for 2020... #coronavirus 
World leaders agree to cooperate on coronavirus vaccine, but US does not take part – video  …
#Coronavirus #myths Good time of the day! In the peak of the coronavirus #epidemic, we present the top myths you could hear and even believe in. Read more -  
I hate  Monday 12 pm pacific. #bullies #coronavirus 
Trump officials are debating a "liability shield" that would prevent businesses that re-open from being sued by customers who contract coronavirus. Fmr. OSHA official: "This is one of the most appalling things I've heard in the context of this crisis."  …
#ImpeachedForLife @realDonaldTrump, Baby Man, in regards to you handling the Coronavirus pandemic . . . 
Hi guys! I made a concept skin for the new Pam: Medical Pam. She kill everyone that have Coronavírus. #BrawlStarsArt #brawlstarsfan 
Next week, Mask and Insha Allah as a nationwide strategy against coronavirus
#CCPVirus #CCP_isnt_China CCP creates the coronavirus as a bioweapon! 
The extraordinary change in prescribing patterns offers some of the clearest evidence yet of the perils of a president willing to push unproven, potentially dangerous remedies to a public desperate for relief from a pandemic. Read the full 
Prescriptions for two antimalarial drugs surged by over 46 times in the U.S. on the day President Trump promoted them on TV as a coronavirus treatment, according to a New York Times analysis. There is no proof they work against Covid-19. 
FACE MASK #coronavirus dm me if u want 1 
It's not that hard to stay at home and remember: Drink wine not bleach #coronavirus #DontDrinkBleach 
Sanctity has a quite different meaning In Islam. Mosques are now hubs for collecting donations in Iran for those who affected by #coronavirus outbreak economically 
The UK has 0.8% of the world's population and 10% of the world's Covid-19 deaths. The coronavirus is not unfairly picking on your country. Your leader is a dangerous idiot and so are you, if you still support him.
NEW: Sat 25 April update of coronavirus trajectories Daily deaths • Brazil • Still too early to say if US has peaked • Looks like UK has • But descents look much slower than ascents • Successes in dark blue: Australia, Norway, Austria Live charts  
Very sad that the UK coronavirus death toll has exceeded 20000. But even sicker that the far left seem to be celebrating it for political purposes. . Corbyns legacy endures.
Military respect of the  of the army to the nurse of the Coronavirus patients section in one of the hospitals in Iran 
New version of the #SARSCoV2 #coronavirus with glycosylated spikes courtesy of @RommieAmaro and  
. @First_News is offering children a free digital download of its weekly newspapers for a short while. Get yours here:  … In its latest edition, Education Secretary @GavinWilliamson thanks children for all they’re doing to protect us from #coronavirus.
‘For the next few years, there should be a letter added to every tenure application, Gonzales says, instructing readers to consider how the “fallout [from coronavirus] has very different effects across gender and race.”’  …
Don't stand so close to me! @Sting #stayathomeseries #Covid_19 #coronavirus 
Garda Headquarters has informed senior officers all over the country that the restrictions on movement to stop the spread of the coronavirus do not apply to people on day trips from Northern Ireland  …
CDC adds six new symptoms for coronavirus  …
If coronavirus was a person 
President Jair Bolsonaro of Brazil is now mired in criminal inquiries, a flailing coronavirus response and a deepening recession. Even some people who voted for him in 2018 now rue their choice. 
#Rose It's coronavirus time! 
If Kim Jong Un is actually dead, expect a million times more empathy  from Trump to the North Koreans than Trump has shown over the 55,000 Americans dead from Coronavirus.
Jared Kushner’s shadow coronavirus task force is using personal email accounts...and likely violating the law.  …
Wasn’t Britain supposed to be the best place to be with Coronavirus? Today, covid death numbers passed 20,000 - the number we were told we would be doing well if we kept below. There have been 200,000 deaths worldwide. The UK makes up 10% of the total.
I don’t think people are considering just how much killing tens of thousands of people with impunity through his coronavirus malpractice is feeding Donald Trump’s psychopathic, fascist soul.
Hotel chain that got nearly $60 million in coronavirus loans says it is not giving it back, despite criticism  
It’s so depressing that people have started clap-shaming neighbours for not joining the NHS clap on Thursdays. People  trying to outclap each other for some un-measurable social status. This is why we can’t have nice  …
From an ICU Nurse at Mt. Sinai Hospital: "I did not sign up to die. I want the country to know that if I end up on that ICU bed, it is because I was not given a hazmat suit or enough PPE to protect  …
1 in 10 Coronavirus deaths worldwide are in the UK. That shouldn't be the case. It's the result of failure after failure.  …
Wow. This is so beautiful. A little Palestinian girl plays the Italian resistance song “Bella Ciao” with her father on the qanun and the oud, in solidarity with the people of Italy fighting against the Coronavirus. 
REVEALED: Groups linked to billionaires George Soros and the Koch brothers are now seeking small business loans in the midst of the coronavirus crisis. 
20,000 people have officially died from coronavirus - in reality it’s many, many more Why do people keep telling me and others to stop questioning the government’s handling of this crisis?
COVID 19 update : 25th April 2020 By today 8pm, USA was on top of the Corona Virus graph with 945,833 cases arising from +20,601 new cases followed by Russia with +5,966. New Deaths UK +1,073 USA +813 Italy +415 Spain +378 
Tom Hanks’ Blood Is Being Used to Develop Coronavirus Vaccine  
North Korea’s One coronavirus patient when he sees Kim Jong Un in the afterlife 
It's worse than I thought! China appears to be ending FREE SPEECH in the EU.....  …
The White House pushing back at the media frenzy over President  about ultraviolet light and disinfectant. What does #DrDeborahBirx have to say about the media's reporting on Coronavirus? Find out, tonight. #FoxNews 8PM 
To me, testing has been and remains the key to stopping the spread of coronavirus & safely reopening the economy. I strongly supported the record $25b for testing in the new law @POTUS just signed & I am encouraged by @GovMikeDeWine's announcement yesterday on new Ohio capacity.
#CoronavirusOfMinorCha "Know that coronavirus is a new chastisement of a mighty power; disease of chests, little by little until it cuts off the breath of whom Allah pleases.." 05-03-2020  …
The World Health Organization is warning that people who have had Covid-19 are not necessarily immune by the presence of antibodies from getting the virus 
I honestly think God gave us coronavirus to punish us for whatever reasons he has, and only for America he gave also @realDonaldTrump as a double punishment ..God Bless USA and I will pray for it to be ridden of it’s twin diseases called Trump and Corona
Tom Hanks’ Blood Is Being Used to Develop Coronavirus Vaccine 
Well a few of us called it, CA Dems will blame the state’s ruin on coronavirus & demand a massive bailout to cover the tracks of their YEARS long failed leadership. Coronavirus didn’t cause it, government imposed economic shutdown coupled with long-standing shit policies DID!
This Ramadan will be like no other. Mosques remain closed  iftars will not take place Social distancing is important to limit the spread of coronavirus If you have serious health problems and or symptoms of coronavirus please do not fast. Please fast safely 
Exclusive from @CBSNews: Monty Bennett, Dallas hotelier, says his  won't return millions from Paycheck Protection Program. Bennett says  has applied for $126 million in PPP loans, about double what had been previous  …
WA GOP coronavirus plan? Infect more people with the virus! #waleg  
#Blue_Twitter Blue with the Tricolour Proud Indian #RotaryIndia #Rotary #IndiaFightsCorona #CoronaIndia #coronavirus 
BREAKING: Gov Ganduje confirms 74 new cases of coronavirus in Kano  
Imagine killing 53,000 people through sheer  and still having a job? #TrumpResign  …
Let's fight coronavirus together 
Scientists in the U.S. and abroad are cautioning leaders against overreliance on coronavirus antibody tests, and WHO has warned against using the tests as a basis for issuing “immunity passports” to allow people to travel or return to work 
If a cure for Coronavirus is discovered tomorrow Democrats and the media will demand it not be administered until November 4th!
#ASpoonfulOfClorox Coronavirus doesn’t want to catch whatever the Moronavirus has. 
Say it loud, say it clear: Donald Trump needs to resign over his handling of the coronavirus pandemic  …
My country fighting coronavirus. 
In france , researchers suggested that nicotine may play a role in protecting against corona virus Le overexcited smokers - 
Social distancing in times of covid.... #COVID2019india #coronavirus #lockdown #CoronaVirusChallenge #StayAndPlay #COVID19 #SocialDistance 
Very angry at the coronavirus 
. @DonnaBrazile, former DNC Chairwoman, said it’s wrong for people to protest coronavirus restrictions because “saving lives is priority.” Since saving life is important to her, I would like to invite Donna to join me in the @March_for_Life next year.  …
A disturbing new study suggests Sean Hannity’s show helped spread the coronavirus  …
#coronavirus #trump his daughter is his advisor, and yet he continues to make a fool of himself, does he actually listen toonadvice or just stubborn and won’t listen to 
On the day Covid 19 deaths pass the 20,000 mark, Hammond calls for easing of lockdown. Without mass testing & tracing & with a government that can’t even manage the supply of PPE, this would be lethal, irresponsible & putting profit before people’s  …
“Calling for the resignation of a president who muses about the use of household cleaning products to fight a deadly virus is not a partisan exercise or a futile plea for political sanity —  sense.“ Even if there’s zero chance Trump will  …
Italian Catholic hospital Gemelli University Hospital, that once saved Pope St. John Paul II, now cares for #coronavirus patients. 
Maybe electing a Carnival barker was a  …
“Demanding accountability would serve as a reminder that even in the wreckage of the Trump era some basic political norms still matter and we . . . cannot  inured to having such a dangerous and unqualified leader in the nation’s highest office.”  …
The danger from this is largely being ignored at the moment, but it will burden the economy for a long time  And now the states want their budgets bailed out, and the Dems want to do  …
Here’s a story re earlier tweets: Women academics seem to be submitting fewer papers during coronavirus. You may think, well, everyone is being affected. However, men academics are submitting up to 50% more than they usually do  …
Slow on testing, slow on sorting PPE, slow on supporting social care. The Government has been too slow to protect people in the #coronavirus crisis. 
US bishop: We must ‘halt’ development of any coronavirus vaccine derived from aborted babies 
"How Donald Trump almost killed my husband. The coronavirus crisis could have been abated by a president with a modicum   …
China is ramping up coronavirus propaganda to spread fear in The United States. #SteveBannon is in Watters' World to set the records straight, tonight. #FoxNews 8PM 
The Palestinian economy will incur losses of about $2.5 billion in case the #coronavirus pandemic lasts for three months, while GDP will decline by 14% in  to 2019. 
Calls About Bleach Poisonings Double in NYC After Trump Touts Quack Coronavirus Cure  … via @thedailybeast
Actor & playwrite Shu Wada passed away due to coronavirus diseas at the age of 81. Father of Gen Urobuchi (anime screenwriter for Madoka Magica, Fate/Zero, Psycho-Pass,etc). R.I.P. 
France have just recorded less than 200 hospital deaths due to Covid-19 for the first time since March 23rd. #coronavirus
A cautious estimate of the total number of UK excess deaths linked to coronavirus stands today at 42,700 The profile of the virus path now matches the date of death rather than date of announcement 2/
We’ve lost more New Jerseyans to coronavirus than we lost in World War I, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War COMBINED. When we say we’re in a war, we mean it. This is literally a war.
Very sorry to inform our Dr. Manisha(28 years/F) martyred yesterday due to #Covid19 . I have no words, we can't afford doctors's loss in early stage of fight against Coronavirus! Accept or not accept we are failing if we can't  safety of health care providers 
On #SOULSaturday, I’m joining @JoeBiden and thanking our essential workers who have always been the backbone of our nation’s response in times of crisis—and that’s even more true during the coronavirus pandemic. 
If you’re looking for ways to support our frontline workers and are able to do so, please consider donating to coronavirus relief funds like the ones set up by @DomesticWorkers, @FeedingAmerica, and @CDCFound. The only way we’ll get through this is if we do it together.
Death toll climbs to 200,000 as worldwide coronavirus pandemic reaches sombre new milestone 
UK had more Coronavirus deaths today than any two other European nations added together. More than Italy &  More than France &  That one week where Boris Johnson dabbled in Herd Immunity without any real opposition in Parliament will haunt the UK.
More recently in #Romania it was ordered that the people on the Internet who speak the truth be arrested people houses broken by police disguised because of the day say tha truth,they are trying to weaken the people and take their money,on the pretext of coronavirus. 
EXCLUSIVE: Conservative MP Derek Sloan calls into the Ezra Levant Show to talk about what happened after he criticized Dr. Theresa Tam's #coronavirus response. WATCH:  
Need a refresher on how the military has supported the #Coronavirus response? Here are ten memorable moments from the past month, from delivering PPE to testing NHS workers. 
The Corona Virus is warning the church they must prepare for  of the Messiah. The ministration of the Fourth apocalypse is already at work. Take the grace with treasure, take worship with honour.Soon time will lapse for the grace. Be born again now! 
Black and Latino Californians ages 18 to 64 are dying more frequently of COVID-19 than their white and Asian counterparts relative to their share of the population, a Times analysis of state health department data  …
Poachers seize their chance and kill at least six rhinos in Botswana as tourism dries up due to #coronavirus  …
#NewProfilePic fuck you coronavirus 
All I know is I'M STAYING MY BUTT HOME!! Latest Atlanta coronavirus news: Georgia cases climb to nearly 22.7K #Topbuzz  …
Coronavirus is cutting a swathe through care homes. But, when questioned, Prof Stephen Powis national medical director for NHS has no facts or figures just a stream of cliches 
Don’t forget to wear those bananas today! #coronavirus 
45 was told it could face specific challenges, such as shortages of ventilators, anti-viral drugs & other medical essentials,& that having a coordinated unified national response was “paramount” warnings that seem eerily prescient given the ongoing coronavirus crisis 
Science class SS3A If you were among those that manufactured the Corona virus, raise your hands. 
DEATH I grew up surrounded by it in Beirut. Carnage and the hell of war during my formative years. 9/11 as a New Yorker. #Coronavirus today. And as the years pass and death gets closer, I'm less and less inclined to tolerate half-measures. Is it wrong to want TRUE justice??
The  of this country is working at the forefront of a global effort to fight and defeat #coronavirus. Thank you. We need you now more than ever. 
#CoronavirusInSA Over 200 supermarket workers have tested positive for the coronavirus in the Western Cape, the province which is now the epicentre of the virus with 1314 infections and 28 deaths.
Lives Lost During LOCKDOWN Due to Coronavirus : 718 Due to Lockdown : 251 #BalconySarkar 
girls don't want boyfriends, they want the coronavirus to go away so they can go to a Super Show
Coronavirus: Australia urges G20 action on wildlife wet markets . . .  …
"Calling for the resignation of a president who muses about the use of household cleaning products to fight a deadly virus is not a partisan exercise —  sense. "  …
A spike in New Yorkers ingesting household cleaners following Trump’s controversial   …
Several liberal groups including Media Matters for America and the Congressional Progressive Caucus Center have filed for small-business loans in order to obtain financial relief during the coronavirus outbreak.  …
Hydroxychloroquine may not work on coronavirus, but that won’t stop Don Trump The Science-ish Guy from pushing it! 
Building back better: On the 50th anniversary of #EarthDay, @UN Secretary General @antonioguterres calls for COVID recovery that incorporates global climate action:  | #EarthDay2020
"A total of 265 million people." The World Food Programme @WFP is warning of a worsened "hunger pandemic" as the #coronavirus crisis fuels food shortages, job losses and lockdowns. More @business:  
Best plan for phase four? Get Americans back to  …
The Coronavirus patient North Korea killed when he sees Kim Jong Un in the Gulag 
Our team fighting coronavirus ! 
Help protect yourself and others against #Coronavirus (COVID-19) by cleaning surfaces with a simple disinfectant. 
Glad WE don't live in  country. "Last weekend... seven officers appeared at Lee’s home and arrested the 81-year-old for participating in an unauthorized protest ..." HEADLINE: "Idaho woman arrested at playground closed due to coronavirus" 
Mumbai Police regrets to inform about the untimely demise of Head Constable Chandrakant Ganapat Pendurkar (57) from Vakola PStn, who was battling Coronavirus for the past few days. May the departed soul rest in peace. Our thoughts and prayers are with the bereaved family.
I'm getting tired of #coronavirus Lets get that Alien Invasion Going!!! I'm ready to see some shit!!!!!!!. Time Lines Are Converging! 
The #Iran regime claims that int'l sanctions have hampered its ability to import medicine to fight the #coronavirus crisis A glance at its state-run news agencies,however,shows that the rgm has imported tons of medicine&medical equipment within just2 
Sarcasm? No. But maybe  …
Coronavirus protection gloves but make it Victorian fashion! 
this is coronavirus 
Life before coronavirus Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic The Old City #SantoDomingo #DominicanRepublic #march2020 #travelphotography #streetphotography #PanasonicLumix Good Evening To All 
Hmmmm.... I don't recall anyone blasting "Jesus Christ Is Risen Today" on Easter  …
You have to listen to my interview with a leader from March for Our Lives @eve_levenson. Eve’s on the front lines fighting unhinged gun rights groups daily. Eve called them out for exploiting the coronavirus so people panic and buy more guns. A must  …
“The political calculus of Trump’s Plan A depends less on containing the total number of casualties than on confining the casualties to people deemed expendable.” Trump Is Trading the Lives of the Poor for Economic Growth - The  …
You've heard of bomb-sniffing dogs, but what about COVID-sniffing dogs? #jtnreports #coronavirus 
Keep 2 metres apart from others to help stop the spread of #coronavirus. 
40 Coronavirus Cases In Milwaukee County Linked To Wisconsin Election, Health Official Says  …
Coronavirus Cases Are Spiking In Places Where Trump Supporters Protested Stay-At-Home Orders  …
The UK now has over 20,000 #Covid_19 hospital deaths and an estimated 43,000 total deaths. The UK has more Coronavirus deaths than Norway, Germany, Japan, Greece, Denmark, South Korea, Ireland, India, South Africa, New Zealand, Australia, Portugal, Taiwan and 
Can someone explain to me how the night curfew prevent #coronavirus spread? Markets, public transportation,mosques & many other places are still overcrowded during day time so does it mean that the virus can't spread during the day? I can't understand what's going on! 
Warning: this is graphic, as it should be. Vote this psychotic muthafucka out... #Trump #COVID19 #Coronavirus 
We have a president who doesn't believe in science. Whether it is climate change or the coronavirus pandemic, that is unbelievably dangerous.
Part 2 Q: How many #coronavirus deaths would Trump-hating New Yorkers be willing to accept--IF IT GUARANTEED THAT TRUMP WOULD NOT GET RE-ELECTED? A: WATCH THIS:  #TrumpHatred #TrumpDerangementSyndrome
I will sign an Executive Order allowing independent pharmacists to conduct diagnostic Coronavirus tests. This will unlock a network of over 5,000 pharmacies as COVID-19 testing locations. Social distancing measures still apply. This will help us meet new lab capacity.
The new Coronavirus cat toy....my cat's won't touch it 
Immigrant doctors, nurses and care workers are giving their lives for the NHS. But Priti Patel still refuses to scrap the NHS surcharge for migrants. Shameful #coronavirus 
"We refuse to die in prison" Inmates from Villa Devoto prison take part in a riot demanding measures to prevent the spread of the coronavirus after a case was confirmed inside the prison, in Buenos Aires.  
Ughhhhhh~ Damn You Coronavirus!! 
#MissionMedicine Stay home to stop spread of coronavirus. #staysafeeveryone #StayHome #medicineforneedypeople #safecoronavirus 
All of them. 100% of deaths from COVID in Richmond are Black. African Americans are 40% of the population and 100% of the deaths. My  …
Im calling it now. When 2020 finally ends the story of the year will be the corona virus.
Fact Check: Did Nobel laureate Tasuku Honjo say coronavirus man made? 
Re upping this. How Trump is profiteering off the coronavirus (covid-19) outbreak in 10 simple steps. - YouTube  …
Chris Cuomo's wife is pushing "Clorox Bleach Baths" on her wellness  …
16,411 patients in hospital with Covid-19 in the UK. Big decrease from 17,049 yesterday.
A beautiful letter I received from Patrick who has recovered from #Covid19 after being hospitalised. A letter to give us hope and to warn us of this awful virus. “It’s a wonderful feeling to be well again” - thank you Patrick. Keep well and our best wishes to you. #coronavirus 
Coronavirus in Spain Cases: 223,759 Deaths: 22,902 Recoveries: 95,708
Vox: A disturbing new study suggests Sean Hannity's show helped spread the coronavirus. "Sophisticated new research links Hannity's coronavirus misinformation to 'a greater number of Covid-19 cases and deaths.'"  …
While we  #coronavirus, we must continue the effort to prevent and cure #malaria which threatens millions of persons in many countries. I am near to all who are sick, to those who care for them.
2/2 #Coronavirus press conference slides (25 April 2020) Critical care beds with COVID-19 patients (UK) Daily COVID-19 deaths in hospital (UK) Global   
Premier League football could return within weeks - with plans for matches to be played behind closed 
We must keep raising this issue until the Government acts and cancels student debt for nurses tackling coronavirus. Cancelling this debt is the right to thing to do. It would also be an important signal that their work is valued by society and Government.  …
CORONAVIRUS $$$UPDATE: @SBAGov awarded a $350M contract for COVID-19 "loan  services" to a small contractor that works with TRUMP friend DAN   …
The next pandemic won't wait for us to rebuild our global health infrastructure. We need to put back together the parts Trump tore down, and create brand new capacities. Mitt Romney and I introduced legislation to start this  …
Appreciation post for Fahad Mustafa even in this hard time of corona virus Fahad Mustafa is bringging smiles on the faces of Pakistanis through Jeeto Pakistan, Same constant energy by this man even without any crowd hats off to this Gem. #JeetoPakistanLeague 
Arizona is doing its part to kill the coronavirus. Full assault. 
The #Coronavirus pandemic presents an automatic death sentence for black people in U.S. prisons  …
‘The Odyssey’ of our times! #coronavirus #shopping 
Can’t fix stupid. Or stable geniuses. A spike in New Yorkers ingesting household cleaners following Trump’s controversial   …
Holding a briefing with updates on #Coronavirus. Watch Live:  …
Wolf Administration is Caught Adding Up to 269 Fake Coronavirus Deaths to State Totals the Day After Anti-Lockdown Protests in Pennsylvania  …
The US by far has the most #CoronaVirus cases & deaths of all countries...& we badly trail them on testing on a per-capita basis, which is the ONLY way to measure it. You're just a pathetic pathological LIAR who knows your  has killed your re-election chances... #Trump
Home Secretary Priti Patel boasted shoplifting’s lower during the coronavirus lockdown. Is that because:
Right-wing extremists have shown that they put profit before human life throughout this crisis. Trump's handling of it has been catastrophic. His far-right ally in Brazil is doing even worse. Those who helped him cheat his way to power should be  …
Before anymore taxpayer $$is sent to fund the @WHO, Americans deserve answers about what they knew and their role in helping Communist China cover up the #Coronavirus. My colleagues and I have requested that funding be placed on hold until an investigation   …
Coronavirus-related scams are on this rise. Here’s where you can get the latest information on how to protect yourself:  
Sucre daddy 
It's deflating, but it would be derelict to ignore: The hope of anything approximating normal in  months — and probably well beyond — is gone. It’s time to recalibrate expectations based on this stark  …
Government removes China from its official coronavirus death  list | Daily Mail Online  
Many Germans have stopped using public transport to avoid the risk of a coronavirus infection and have switched to cycling. Berlin swiftly reacted to the new needs by widening bike roads. (stn) 
All these Very Online Brands honoring their #coronavirus employees like 
Disinfection of Andhra Pradesh Raj Bhavan premises was done by spraying of sodium hypochlorite through drone as a precautionary measure to prevent spread of corona virus. 
This  …
Let's get this straight. Patients with #coronavirus, *as a policy* were being sent into nursing homes with the virus, into environments full of people the most susceptible to dying from the infection, causing outbreaks + increased reportable death #'s? How isn't this mass murder?
NCC Cadets deployed as per Governmental Orders in Jhansi ( U.P.) Until Vaccine is prepared for Covid-19 , Social Distancing is prooved to be our effected weapon to fight against Coronavirus 
You said the Coronavirus is a hoax. So stop lying about your lie.
The Do Nothing Democrats are spending much of their money on Fake Ads. I never said that the CoronaVirus is a “Hoax”, I said that the Democrats, and the way they lied about it, are a Hoax. Also, it did start with “one person from China”, and then grew, & will be a “Miracle” end!
Boston Globe: "The United States has just over 4 percent of the world’s population, but had about one-third of all global coronavirus cases and one-quarter of the fatalities, as of Friday." "This is a catastrophic failure that can be laid largely at the feet of President Trump."
This is almost sounding like Cuomo wanted to rack up a higher death toll. Why wouldn't nursing home coronavirus patients have been sent to the Comfort??? Makes no sense .
An EU report about Chinese and Russian disinformation on coronavirus was watered down after pressure from Beijing 
Bill Gates: ‘I wish I could say that we’re halfway through’ coronavirus pandemic (I wish I could say that we're halfway through Bill Gates)  
It’s true, No one has suffered more than myself from the #coronavirus, Just 20 servants! This must be what living in poverty is like! 
It gets worse. Cuomo refused nursing home requests to send the coronavirus patients to the USNS Comfort  …
Coronavirus: China rejects call for probe into origins of disease - BBC News  …
RETWEET! 5G is the real silent killer, not the "Corona Virus"!!! 
Millions of families need federal help right now for the food, shelter,  and health care they need. The absolute last thing Congress should be doing is shoveling money to boost the profits of arms manufacturers like Lockheed and  …
Another 813 coronavirus deaths in UK today. And still people from around the world can fly into our Airports without checks, without self isolating. It is not going to get much easier anytime soon.
NEW Advice for parents during corona virus. 
In Bolivia, Interim President Jeanine Añez was catapulted into leadership when President Morales fled the country last November... So far, in a country of almost 12 million people in impossibly difficult economic conditions, deaths have been limited to  …
Update. April 25, 2020. The day China sent medical experts to North Korea. #Coronavirus map. Moscow could have 10% of its population infected, lab says. Spain, again gets faulty tests from China. Chaos in Nigeria. Trump's show goes on. 
Trump’s attack on the Postal Service will harm seniors,  and small  …
CDC adds six more symptoms for coronavirus  
President Trump's handling of the coronavirus epidemic, the worsening economy, and a cascade of ominous polling have the GOP increasingly nervous that it's at risk of losing the presidency and the Senate 
UK hospital coronavirus deaths pass 20,000  
The Trump campaign owes the city of El Paso half a million dollars. The mayor on Tuesday said the city should consider filing a lawsuit to recoup the money as it faces down a budget shortfall from the coronavirus.  …
Health insurance premiums may rise by as much as 40% next year for 150 million people because of the cost of treating coronavirus patients. Congress must act to prevent these increases.  …
There is no evidence yet that people who have had coronavirus are immune from a second infection, the World Health Organization warns. Follow live updates:  
During the #CNNSesameStreet town hall, @BigBird says he felt confused and sad after his friend Mr. Hooper died. Here’s how parents can help their kids deal with emotions if they lose someone because of the coronavirus.  
If Kim Jung Un is actually dead I entirely expect Trump to express more grief for him than for the 55,000 Americans who have died of Coronavirus.
I will be giving my daily #Coronavirus briefing at 11:30AM ET. Watch here: 
. @RandyRainbow Taps Mary Poppins for #Coronavirus Classic: ‘A Spoonful of Clorox’ — WATCH  
Today the UK hit 20,000 Coronavirus deaths in hospitals alone. We were once told 20,000 deaths would be a "good  Yet it’s set to get much worse. Some are refusing to learn the lessons and want to lift the lockdown early. We must totally oppose those pushing for that.
More than 20,000 people have now died with coronavirus in UK hospitals - the fifth country to pass that milestone 
Based on mainstream news coverage alone you’d likely never know that organizers and tenants in New York are preparing the largest coordinated rent strike in nearly a century, to begin on May 1... my latest @theintercept  …
Public and private polling shows a grim outlook for the president as coronavirus remains the number 1 issue for voters, putting the spotlight on his management of the crisis  …
WH Trade Advisor @PeterNavarroUSA is doing a great job from Day One. Now he has really stepped up and is needed in our answers to #China. #coronavirus
One month ago  …
Good morning home happy weekend we are going to  Coronavirus pandemic season amen from Cleveland Ohio United State 
Coronavirus: China Continues to Flood the World with Defective Medical Supplies:  …
"Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that." - George  …
CNN: 900,000 people in the United States have tested positive for coronavirus.
Say it loud, say it clear: Donald Trump needs to resign over his handling of the coronavirus - The Boston Globe  …
NRSC memo to GOP Senate candidates: “Don’t defend Trump, other than the China Travel Ban — attack China” Maybe the smart GOP political play wasn’t to tie downballot Republicans so closely to Trump? Too late for backtracking now... Sign of the  …
When outside was fun. Praying for the return to normalcy. #coronavirus . Our current reality. 
Last photo for SM.I have been documenting the Coronavirus pandemic in the ABUHB trust since it started. Heartbreaking at times. The National Health Service is amazing and are working above and beyond to provide the best care. #nhs #nhsheroes 
We need the Government to show us an exit plan. Without it, millions of people and businesses could face years of hardship after the #coronavirus #lockdown 
I was laid off from The Record yesterday. To my knowledge, I was the only sports writer laid off. I have a lot I want to say about the industry and I’ll say it at some point but for now, here is the last story I  …
This is beautiful: we received an email from from one of our followers, Eric, who's 68 year old zio just beat coronavirus all while rocking his Inter jacket The nurse said the first thing he asked when he got off the ventilator was: "how is Inter playing?" 
Harris County closing temporary medical center for overflow coronavirus patients without ever using it  … via @TexasTribune
We read that right:  …
IDK about you but I’m not over this Clorox Bleach, Lysol, disinfectant Injection, mainlining into the body to clean out the coronavirus Trump is so dumb he believed he was on to something and that what makes him so Dangerous, Unfit and Psychotic #disinfectant
The first 1,000 people to like and retweet this will be blessed with $750 through zelle , cashapp , and apple pay  down below #COVID19 #coronavirus 
remember when Republicans freaked out and stormed town halls bc Obama said you could keep your doctor? Trump said coronavirus would go to zero and now 50K Americans are dead. Where is GOP outrage?
Don’t take the daily recorded deaths as a gospel. Only 105 of the 711 deaths recorded in England actually happened yesterday. Wait till the hospital numbers later which should show a decrease in covid patients once again.
BREAKING: UK #coronavirus death toll passes 20,000 with 781 more deaths recorded yesterday - but total does not include 1000s more who've died outside hospital (the @FT estimates real total as over 45k). REMINDER: Sir Patrick Vallance said 20k or under would be a 'good 
If PM’s senior advisor DIDN’T attend critical coronavirus meetings, that would be worrying. Media have a hugely important role in holding govt to account, but some are courting public mistrust with non-stories. Time to act more responsibly.
The coronavirus is not an excuse to suppress the Constitution. We can be cautious as individuals and still be free to make choices that are best for us, our families,  and our nation.
Biggest scam lives in our White House! 
Hey all here are the 4 ways( daily routine) to improve your immunity during this #Corona corona virus pandemic... 1.  2.  3.  4.  
Another Trump dumb move - to make mail more expensive when it’s the lifeline for personal and  during the pandemic - his slogan is - break America “my  …
#SocialDistancing orders to keep two metres apart to stop the spread of coronavirus is based on a made up figure RobertDingwall from the New and Emerging Respiratory Virus Threats Advisory Group ( #Nervtag) said the rule was 'conjured up out of  …
Fact: everyone’s afraid of catching coronavirus. I’m pretty sure you can rob a bank worldwide with a sneeze. You’re  my criminal friends. 
a selfie a day keeps corona virus away jk 
#GIVEAWAY! For all you folks trapped in the house because of the #Coronavirus doing an Amazon Giveaway for my story B.E.V. Hey, it's free. Enjoy! All reviews  #SF  … @CleanReads_ 
In leaked audio, Stephen Miller tells supporters immigration pause during coronavirus is actually long term: report  
Report says Thailand’s suicide rate increasing during coronavirus pandemic  … #suicide #Thailand #COVID19 
President Trump’s query about whether disinfectant could possibly be injected to fight the coronavirus is the latest in a list  that run contrary to mainstream science. 
My $0.02: @realDonaldTrump should immediately transition his daily coronavirus briefings into economic recovery briefings. Less Fauci and bleach. More factories and jobs. America is suffering. Showcase successful re-openings.
Hey Tweeps Y'all should pray for me 
It’s tempting to have a big clear-out while we’re spending more time at home. But that can create more rubbish and #recycling for council crews to collect. Hold on to large items such as furniture until COVID-19 restrictions are lifted and services return to normal #coronavirus 
According to @FT ‘Pakistan’s Imran Khan sidelined by military during coronavirus outbreak’  …
Thank you to all health workers and volunteers around the world responding to #coronavirus 
I second that. #lysol #BLEACH #Clorox #Covid_19 #coronavirus #DontDrinkBleach #injectdisenfectant #PresidentLysol #StayHome #TidePodPresident #Trump #1u #NotMeUs 
The advantage of a coronavirus pandemic is that nature is reviving at this difficult time Photo: ANDREA MEROLA /PAP/EPA 
It's sad to say that the MSM and people who run social media do not want the public to know about therapies that many be a treatment for #COVIDー19 and have successfully been used for years on a myriad of other illnesses! We have to ask ourselves why?  …
Milwaukee’s  has now tied 40 coronavirus infections to the April 7 election.  …
I wrote a letter to my pandemic muse, my newborn  …
coronavirus is fake
Ghana transporting Coronavirus test samples with drones. 
If - like me - you have been perplexed by all  commentary on Sweden’s approach to Coronavirus, this is such an interesting explainer.  …
Editorial cartoon by Patrick Corrigan, Toronto Star #CoronaVirus #CoronaOutbreak #ChinaCoronaVirus #PencePandemic #MikePence #Election2020 #VoteBlueNoMatterWho #SocialDistancing #FlattenTheCurve #FlattenTheCurveNotTheEconomy #WashYourHands #HandWashing #FoxNews 
Thankfully we finally have a peer-reviewed respected journal to enable some clarity about whether drinking detergent is a cure for the #coronavirus. Please read the full article before retweeting 
JUST IN: World Health Organization says that there is no evidence that people who recovered from coronavirus and have antibodies are protected from a second infection.
#Caturday "Coronavirus? I have no idea what that is. Just wake me up when it's supper time." 
coronavirus, or COVID-19, unceasingly roll in, one of the things that can reduce — if not eliminate — the chances of it spreading is technology by #SparshCctv #FeverDetectionCamera.
This is how the Palestinian capital city of #Jerusalem used to look like during the holy month of Ramadan every year before the general lockdown due to #coronavirus this year. 
Watching CNN cover the news from an alternate reality in which they pretend to believe Trump asked a doctor about injecting Clorox and Lysol into #coronavirus patients is flat-out amazing. It's the "fine people" hoax all over again. How do their viewers fall for it every time?
#COVID19 #coronavirus by the numbers Saturday: 2,824,000 cases 197,000 deaths 798,000 recoveries Cases by country: 905k USA 220k Spain 193k Italy 160k France 155k Germany (data from 
Hello everyone!! So I designed an e-flyer for @UBAGroup on coronavirus prevention tips. Kindly like and retweet. Thank you. 
If Hillary Clinton were President there's no way over 52,000 Americans would have died from the coronavirus in seven weeks nor would our economy be in shambles. She would've prepared for a pandemic and responded swiftly-as opposed to Trump's  #SaturdayMorning
In the times of Covid... #COVID2019india #coronavirus #lockdown #CoronaVirusChallenge #StayAndPlay #COVID19 #SocialDistance 
 …
The NYC Poison Control Center got 30 exposure calls in 18 hours after President Trump suggested injecting disinfectants could  coronavirus 
Delivery robots were supposed to be about cost and convenience. Then coronavirus hit, and everyone who could make them pivoted to helping. From North Dakota to Tel Aviv, Hangzhou to Sacramento, this is their story:  …
In the days before Trump suggested injecting disinfectant into #coronavirus patients, the White House was lobbied by a group that peddles chlorine dioxide bleach as a miracle cure. via  …
The data is in — stop the panic and end the total isolation. #Coronavirus  …
#SunStarNews A team from the Department of Health-Davao found three out of 15 individuals tested randomly in Barangay Leon Garcia were positive of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19), Davao City Mayor Sara Duterte-Carpio said. 
Medical supplier says FEMA seized 400,000 N95 masks destined for medical workers during the coronavirus pandemic, and has them ‘just sitting on a loading dock at JFK’  …
2. Meanwhile, over 25 percent of coronavirus-related deaths have now occurred among the elderly in nursing homes.  …
1. It took the New York Times over a month to report on the deadly decisions to send coronavirus patients to nursing homes and most of the rest of the media still ignore the catastrophe because, in part, of Cuomo’s role (and the president had no role).
When Covid-19 closed universities, many international students had nowhere to go & had lost their  because of visa restrictions against working off campus. Some may have to give up their educations after major sacrifices to get them here. My  …
More on Cuomo’s deadly  …
Every country has their own approach to collecting data on the coronavirus – from China's Confucian authoritarianism to Germany's post-traumatic technophobia. But one country stands out above all the others: Taiwan 
1. Leftwing Propublica covers up for Cuomo and other politicians by ignoring their killer mandates to send coronavirus patients into nursing homes that were never qualified or capable of accepting these patients into these extremely vulnerable elderly populations.
Davido says he will be donating all the proceeds from his new video D&G to Corona Virus relief. I stan a king 
New York authorities knew their decision to send coronavirus patients to nursing homes would result in death — they sent them with body bags  …
Andrew Cuomo ordered nursing homes to take coronavirus patients resulting in widespread death  …
So, I’ve spent the last few days in hospital. If you think #COVID19 won’t affect you, you are wrong. I thought that, and I was almost a goner. #Coronavirus
From @WSJopinion: Stanford scientist John Ioannidis finds himself under attack for questioning the prevailing wisdom about 
#New | Pictures of @LiamPayne recently volunteering at a food bank to support struggling families during the coronavirus crisis. 
NEW: There is no evidence that people who have recovered from coronavirus cannot be reinfected, says WHO.
First study looking at #VitaminD levels versus #Coronavirus case severity. - nothing to see here, just move along... (p.s. supplementation may not do a whole lot - remember people with inflammatory issues have lower D status - but look at that correlation nonetheless) 
Me thinking about coronavirus 
The China embassy released on Friday, April 24, a music video of “Iisang Dagat (One Sea)” – a song in Mandarin and Filipino that praised the Philippines and China’s partnership to help one another as “friendly neighbors across the sea” during the #coronavirus pandemic. 
Across the country, thousands of #FoodHeroes are working tirelessly to put food on our plates We want to thank every single one of these workers Share to show your support! #FoodHeroes #coronavirus 
Atlanta mayor on reopening Georgia amid the coronavirus pandemic: “Our numbers are up 28.8% in positive tests since last week, and deaths are up 37.23% … We aren’t trending downward. There’s no science or data that supports opening up our state.” 
Be ready to fight coronavirus with #FeverDetectionCamera which is Developed by @sparsh_CCTV make in India.
This hugely important clinical trial will help our NHS treat #coronavirus patients using plasma. If you're asked, please take part. It's painless:  … 
India's Coronavirus-Related Islamophobia Has the Arab World Up in Arms! 
The undervalued heroes of the coronavirus crisis need our thanks – and our support. (सफाईकर्मी, डाक्टर, पुलिस Great services by our India @chitraaum  …
Now Karbala is officially free of the #CoronaVirus. Last Corona patient in quarantine released, and there is no corona case from last several days. 
A delivery of masks from the EU’s new #RescEU reserve of medical equipment has arrived in Milan, Italy today. This follows doctors, nurses, disinfectant, protective clothing and ventilators which EU countires have sent to help Italy tackle #coronavirus 
Coronavirus is a historic crisis, but it is also producing new forms of social organisation. Whether a better world emerges from this era will depend on our ability to respond to its challenges collectively, argues David Harvey.  …
'No evidence' coronavirus recovery stops reinfection, says World Health Organization  
This is such an excellent, clear and well-written story about difficult medical subjects. Coronavirus is causing the blood of sufferers to form large clots and create strokes in people in their 30s and 40s with no underlying conditions.  …
" @spectatorindex: SPAIN: 107 year old woman Ana del Valle, who beat the Spanish flu in 1918, has now also beaten a coronavirus infection. 
CORONAVIRUS IS NOT NATURAL, IT IS MANUFACTURED – JAPAN MEDICINE PROFESSOR, DR TASUKU HONJO  
Amidst this coronavirus pandemic. We need more of virologists in this country to provide us with vaccine against this deadly virus, our reliance shouldn't be on virologists/researchers from other countries hence the need to 
New product: In case there’s coronavirus in the underworld 
Who wants this on Eid? #Covid_19 #coronavirus 
The full text of Pope Francis' letter to Catholics across the world, asking them to pray the rosary in May as world undergoes #coronavirus pandemic. 
Get ready and...... Follow the dots... Coronavirus VACCINE, 5G, RFID, ID2020 Our DNA is the next currency. C - Certificate O - Of V - Vaccination ID- Identification Awake yet? 
Watch the hearwarming moment NHS staff at @AlderHey clap & cheer tiny baby Erin who's beaten #coronavirusuk #Coronavirus #COVID19  
Study Shows Direct Correlation between 5G Networks and “Coronavirus” Outbreaks  
Coronavirus recovery plan 'must tackle climate change', UK will tell governments across the world next week 
We thank doctors from Jamnagar, associated team & medical staff of Jamnagar's G.G. Hospital, who in this raging situation of #coronavirus outbreak designed & manufactured PPE kits according to needs & requirements that includes Kavach + & Kavach NX both kinds of standard suits. 
China create Corona Virus Now marketing testing kit and PPE. China also trying to buy  When do we understand china politics? 
Argentine prison riot over coronavirus ends with promise of talks #AFP 
Another Sad News. #coronavirusinpakistan #coronavirus 
So sad and so true. #Antoniopiera #coronavirus 
Iranian Regime Still Lying About Coronavirus Death Toll, Says Mossad Chief | Jewish & Israel News   …
#coronavirus Sefton council attempting to pevert the course of justice. They refuse to prosecute an individual who they state has supplied false information to obtain a grant. 4 attempts at obtaining this money have been made @otsnews @merseysidepolice @seftoncouncil
The World Health Organisation said “test, test, test” but we are still not doing it in Scotland or the U.K. The PPE debacle is still with us, frontline workers still at risk, businesses struggling & household  hit hard but nobody is asking the  …
Save Sindh from coronavirus,, #CompleteLockdown #TributeToSainGMSayed 25 April death Anniversary of sain GM 
Touching. A masked Italian president Sergio Mattarella during the celebrations of April 25th in Italy, the Liberation Day of the  the end of Nazi occupation during World War II and the victory of the Resistance. #coronavirus 
#Fanwelfareactivity The Artifact for stuck at home. Our giveaway is 1.$1800 Brand new 100inch #Vividstorm #projectorscreen with White square housing *1 2. Alibaba coupons-20% OFF *3 #Coronavirus Easy to apply: Follow and Retweets Deadline: 2020 May 25 Draw for 4 luck people 
More than a dozen countries on four continents have reported problems with Chinese-made medical supplies. The problems range from coronavirus test kits tainted with the virus to medical garments contaminated with insects.  …
Wooow....that's a huge thing! #covid19 #coronavirus #plandemic #healight #uv #uvlight #treatment #trump #q #qanon 
America: CODE RED How Trump is profiteering off the coronavirus (covid-19) outbreak in 10 simple steps. - MUST SEE  …
Nevel from iCarly created the Coronavirus 
"The #coronavirus pandemic must not be used as a pretext for authoritarian states to trample over individual human rights or repress the free flow of information." @antonioguterres UN secretary 
Have you heard about the time the Hapsburg army got drunk and attacked itself in 1788? Yeah, it wasn’t cool. It’s time for another #coronavirus history lesson from Doncaster Council. 
#Bangladesh confirms 9 more coronavirus deaths, 309 new cases 
What are you missing about your campus life? Share in  below . . . #StayHome #StaySafe #AfterCorona #Corona #CoronaVirus #Covid19 #Acropolis 
The big country with beautiful landscape and nice people suffers from the coronavirus like all other countries. We send a sign of hope and our best wishes. #hope #Zermatt #Matterhorn @globeandmail @nationalpost @CBCTelevision @iciradiocanada  
We will  coronavirus crisis: Vijay Rupani  
The secrecy The evasions The misdirections The obsession with using and blaming the media The priority of easy measures over thought-through policy The dogmatism The wretched British exceptionalism The faults of UK state in Brexit repeated and amplified in the age of coronavirus
#Madagascar has made CVO ou Covid-Organics medication from the plant called artemisia to fight the Coronavirus. Senegal is the first country to order it. 
Cat playing with its kitten ! #Covid_19 #coronavirus 
Some of Allison Pearson’s #coronavirus untruths & misinformation: 1) Claimed chloroquine to be effective against virus despite no empirical evidence that it is 2) Claimed, without evidence, that Vitamin D & sunlight  virus
How will the #coronavirus affect #Ramadan2020? What is the medical advice surrounding fasting during a pandemic? How do I ignore the stress and daily food cravings? We answer all of this in this week's podcast episode! #RamadanMubarak Listen in 
I am grateful Londoners have listened & are staying home. But as the majority of @TfL’s costs are funded through fares - down 90% - it’s putting huge pressure on TfL’s finances. To help safeguard vital transport services, TfL will be furloughing 7,000 staff. 
'Problems' caused by #coronavirus. (by Jason Adam Katzenstein) 
EXCLUSIVE: @NDDCOnline is currently reeking of a multi-billion naira fraud involving the board and top management members of the agency over the purchase of Personal Protective Equipment and sanitizers to tackle Coronavirus in the nine states... READ MORE:  
As the Coronavirus scare is hitting the world, it reminds me of a piece i painted back in 2016 for a fictional zombie apocalypse game. ~ Shalak Attack 
Anyone can catch or spread #coronavirus. This is why you must stay at home. 
Virus (cartoon for @newscientist ) #coronavirus 
Prediction of Emergence of the Corona Virus in Hadiths 
Our sincere gratitude to everyone, who are consistently and patiently working round the clock fighting the corona virus #coronafighters #FeverDetectionCamera 
Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. This is how the shoe shine men protect themselves from the Coronavirus 
SPAIN: 107 year old woman Ana del Valle, who beat the Spanish flu in 1918, has now also beaten a coronavirus infection. 
YouGov polling shows the UK public thinks @BorisJohnson's Government are responding well to the Coronavirus Crisis. Do you agree? Please share widely for decent sample size
Great column by @kmckenna63 explaining why the U.K. Govt handling of the #CoronavirusCrisis & questions of who bears burden of bailout in the aftermath makes independence more vital than  …
Has anyone asked yourself: Why does the U.S. represent 4% of the world popupation, But 28% of the World's deaths from Coronavirus? Is the U.S. Medical system 7 times worse than the World average, Or is someone in America manipulating numbers?
In support of the Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails, this artist from #Gaza described their suffering in this painting. They are chained by two enemies: Israel and the #Coronavirus. 
Before corona virus took over , I miss you guys ! 
HARRY MAGUIRE | MANCHESTER UNITED | CAPTAIN Full  RT #MUFC_Family TILL @HarryMaguire93 SEE IT Greatly Appreciated #MUFC @ManUtd #England #bpl #football #Trending #GGMU #PrayTogether #RamadanMubarak #StayAtHome #coronavirus 
This looks extremely damaging for @BorisJohnson The @LibDems case for an independent public inquiry grows stronger by the  …
Nearly 11,000 more people than normal have died in UK care homes since the start of the outbreak, analysis by Financial Times suggests, a far larger number than the latest official estimate of 1,043. This excellent report explains why  … via @financialtimes
We lost one of our most beloved ER nurses to the coronavirus today. Always with a smile on your face. Rest in power.
Brazil, Latin America’s largest nation, is veering closer to  one of the world's coronavirus hot spots. Medical officials in Rio de Janeiro and at least four other major cities have warned that their hospital systems are on the verge of collapse. 
#Maharashtra is doing a good job of testing and the numbers of #Coronavirus cases will therefore be  to most other states. Ceteris paribus, higher no. of cases may mean higher efficiency & not the other way round. ⁦  …
We have been working tirelessly to coordinate efforts against #coronavirus since the beginning of the outbreak, from our alert notification to EU countries on 9 January to our recent #GlobalResponse effort. Check the EU response timeline 
#Covid19 is NOT an equalizer between the rich and poor. Far from it. Fighting the pandemic requires us to  …
Coronavirus patients who took hydroxychloroquine, with or without the antibiotic azithromycin, were no more likely to survive their infections than those who did not, according to a study sponsored by the New York state Department of Health. 
Hold my beer, this tastes good AND kills the coronavirus. The president and the teevee evangelists said so. Cheers! 
The novel coronavirus appears to be causing sudden strokes in adults in their 30s and 40s who are not otherwise terribly ill, doctors say  
#Coronavirus cartoon by @RobinFlavell and 
Always delivered extra than expectations #WebsiteCost #websites #coronavirus #GodMorningSaturday #StayAtHome #websitedesign #webdevelopment #softwaredevelopment #DigitalIndia 
USA Coronavirus cases 925,232 deaths 52,193. We have a murderer for a President. Quote: 
Despite SEVEN WEEKS of the EU doing nothing to help ease the #Coronavirus disaster, the Guardian still thinks we should stand by it - even if it means contributing £billions more Such blind allegiance to failure now defines the Left  …
TIME magazine lauds role of Ghana's drones in coronavirus fight; tips US to follow Ghana's lead - way to go Ghana!!  …
Sparsh #FeverDetectionCamera is capable of picking out who is in a crowd is likely to have a fever & thus a possible Coronavirus case. So be with #SparshCctv.
Be ready to fight coronavirus with #FeverDetectionCamera which is Developed by @sparsh_CCTV make in India.
Larry Elder Show: Interview with Atty Harmeet Dhillon @pnjaban. She is suing Calif Gov. #GavinNewsom to stop $75mil in #coronavirus unemployment benefits from going to illegals. The Cal Supreme Court ruled that the state AG respond to her suit.  …
“Before all the  back, we can start working on the gaps in everyday livability that have been exposed by the coronavirus—and today’s livability is tomorrow’s resilience.” Great piece by  …
Cedars-Sinai scientists are working on a cure for COVID-19 by flooding the lungs with  …
Coronavirus response | Douglas County sheriff on Pritzker's order: ‘Enough is enough’ @GovPritzker #ReopenIllinois  … via @news_gazette
My bit on America’s bleach-pusher-in-chief, Donald Trump - and our own government’s relationship with The  …
Due to the coronavirus outbreak, March 2020 was the first March without a school shooting in the U.S. since 2002.
Job losses from the coronavirus pandemic in the US climbed to 26.4 million. 
. @SaraCarterDC: "It’s not so much about the #Coronavirus anymore. It’s about taking down President Trump."  …
His sister injected him with bleach to cure #Coronavirus.
Some New Yorkers have ingested disinfectants following Trump's   
Michigan Man with Coronavirus Has Near-Death Experience - Is Saved by Hydroxychloroquine Treatment... Then UNLOADS on Liberal Gov. for Limiting Access to Life-Saving Drug to the Sick  … via @gatewaypundit
How will the #coronavirus affect #Ramadan2020? What is the medical advice surrounding fasting during a pandemic? How do I ignore the stress and daily food cravings? We answer all of this in this week's podcast episode! #RamadanMubarak Listen in 
Scientists: We Found The Vaccine For #coronavirus!!! Anti-Vaxxers: 
Police in India rounded up people in the street and put them in an ambulance with a fake Corona virus patient just to bring reality closer to home. It worked wonders! 
In what could amount to a stunning reversal for the Pentagon, top Navy leaders have  that Capt. Brett Crozier be put back  of the coronavirus-plagued USS Theodore Roosevelt. 
The mayor of Japan's third-largest city is facing a public backlash after he suggested men are better suited to grocery shopping during the coronavirus pandemic, because women take too long and contribute to overcrowding at supermarkets. 
Showbiz | Hollywood celebrities such as Ellen DeGeneres and Lady Gaga try the "Coronavirus Challenge" where they attempt to live on under $1 million a month 
Happy 23rd birthday w our quarantine rave I love you snow 
Charlottesville Hurricane Maria Dumb Trade Wars The Ukraine Extortion BABIES LOCKED IN CAGES Coronavirus Failure Great leaders know how to step up in tough times. #ChickenDonald is NOT a leader. He is a criminal failure who hides from responsibility. It's time for him to GO.
“Businesses and lawmakers left confused and suspicious as the Trump administration seizes coronavirus supplies”  …
But, but, we need to open the country up A Colorado Walmart closed after three people connected to the store died from coronavirus. Additionally, six employees at the store have officially tested positive for the virus.  …
Young people with #coronavirus are dying from strokes. As a neurologist began the procedure to remove the clot, he observed something he had never seen before. As he used a device to pull out the clot, he saw new clots forming in real-time around it.  …
Why do female leaders seem to be more successful at managing the coronavirus crisis?  …
As we work on tackling #COVID19, we can't afford to lose ground on the gains we have made against other diseases like malaria. On #WorldMalariaDay I join @WHO's call for maintained malaria prevention & treatment services during the #coronavirus crisis to save lives. 
Watching GOLDFINGER when suddenly the James Bond supervillain trots out the exact same logic to excuse mass casualties as Republicans did for coronavirus deaths 
... after today's Coronavirus briefing. #ChickenDonald 
At least 30 New Yorkers ingested household cleaners in the 18 hours since the president suggested using it to fight #coronavirus  …
A spike in New Yorkers ingesting household cleaners following Trump’s controversial   …
As feared. Shame on our media too for airing this. It’s not the first time! “The Poison Control Center, a subagency of the city’s Health Dept, managed a total of 30 cases of possible exposure to disinfectants between 9 p.m. Thursday and 3 p.m.  …
 that makes Lysol is urging customers not to consume its cleaning products after President Trump suggested the possibility of injecting disinfectants to protect people from coronavirus. 
"Like many others, I’m struggling to make sense of how those who follow the teachings of Jesus, known for healing the sick, could shrug their shoulders at mass death and heap pain on the grieving," @JonathanMerritt 
Here’s how many Americans we have lost to the coronavirus in 1 month. 
served on the board of Bill #Gates’ Global Fund. Redfield, Birx & Fauci lead the White House #coronavirus task force. In 1992, two military investigators charged Redfield & Birx with engaging in “a systematic pattern of data manipulation, inappropriate statistical analyses &
Shocking Report: Dr. Anthony Fauci Helped Chinese Biowarfare Lab CREATE The Coronavirus with U.S. Tax Dollars!  … #realDonaldTrump via @SentinelWdc
According to a New York Times report, amid the COVID-19 pandemic Trump spends much of his time away from the Oval Office obsessing about TV coverage of his administration's response. Learn more:  #11thHour #Coronavirus 
The Infection That’s Silently Killing Coronavirus Patients  …
OH WOW!!! The coronavirus numbers/percentages are in from California and New York!! Listen to Dr. Erickson, DO Accelerated Urgent Care, Bakersfield, CA...this is a MUST SEE video!! The full briefing link is in the description!! 
fuck coronavirus 
Tens of millions of people in America have no idea how they’re going to pay rent or even have food to eat in another week. Congress dawdles & coronavirus briefings don’t even mention them. They were invisible before & they’re invisible now. The worst pandemic is our lack of heart
Was Andrew Yang right? Economic cost of coronavirus builds interest in universal basic   …
Coronavirus Cocktail (Trump's favorite recipe). * 2 parts Lysol * 1 part Pine-Sol * 4 drops fresh bleach Stir, don't shake, then gently add 1 olive. #TrumpIsALaughingStock P.S. To all MAGAts: This is sarcasm. Don't try this at home. 
Uruguay’s relationship with regional development banks is paying off as it borrows $1.4 billion to fund its coronavirus response instead of relying on volatile bond markets 
Coronavirus has been detected on particles of air pollution by scientists investigating whether this could enable it to be carried over longer distances and infect more people—The pollution particle is like a micro-airplane, the passengers are the droplets  …
Stop trying to get me to watch Tiger King. I already have to watch one bottle-blonde from reality TV. And the other reason I'm not watching Tiger King is that torturing animals is what got us into this mess. #TigerKing #AnimalCruelty = #Coronavirus 
Reported US coronavirus deaths: 8 weeks ago: 0 deaths 7 weeks ago: 17 deaths 6 weeks ago: 49 deaths 5 weeks ago: 249 deaths 4 weeks ago: 1,588 deaths 3 weeks ago: 7,152 deaths 2 weeks ago: 18,758 deaths 1 week ago: 37,054 deaths Right now: 51,017 deaths
BREAKING NEWS: Evidence Emerges That Trump Lied About Immigration Ban; Per Leaked Audio of His Top Adviser, It Had Nothing to Do with Coronavirus As the President Claimed  …
YOU SON OF A MITCH! Cuomo: ‘I dare you’ to let states declare coronavirus bankruptcy in scathing new attack on GOP  
The  with a music video showcasing assistance and messages of thanks from Philippine officials, including President Rodrigo Duterte. Meanwhile, China continues to assert its claims in the West Philippine Sea.  …
‘Game-changer’ #Coronavirus Test from Rutgers Uses Saliva  …
The Wuhan coronavirus has killed more Americans than every Islamic terrorist  It’s time to treat COVID-19 for what it was - a 9/11 style attack by China.
Trump suggested doctors could inject people with disinfectant to cure COVID-19—and calls to NYC Poison Control about bleach and cleaner poisonings 
CONFIRMED: Jimmy tests positive for Coronavirus 
The family of this 4-year-old says they did everything right, but the little boy still contracted coronavirus and had to fight for his life in a Denver ICU  
So now ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ can’t stay focussed for longer than 20 minutes at his White House press rallies, and is too much of a coward to take questions?  …
Phunware, a data firm for the Trump campaign, got millions in coronavirus small business help. $2.85 million. In 2 days.  …
World leaders launch $8 billion collaboration to develop coronavirus vaccine. Guess who isn't participating. 
louisiana coronavirus rates dropping from 25% to 15%..... Keep working God
Since Trump declared that "the coronavirus is very much under control in the USA" in February, more than 900,000 cases have been confirmed in the country.  …
From the start of the coronavirus crisis the World Health Organisation has kowtowed to China and uncritically accepted the many lies of the regime. My column in today’s @theheraldsun on the @WHO’s litany of  …
UNITED STATES 2018-19 flu season: 34,200 deaths 2019 car accidents: 38,800 deaths 2020 coronavirus outbreak: 52,000 deaths
President Trump claims sarcasm after suggesting the use of disinfectants as a coronavirus treatment. CNN's @ChrisCuomo breaks down why the President's remarks matter.  
Doctors say there may be a new symptom of #coronavirus that they are calling "Covid Toes" 
. @Andy Cohen, who survived coronavirus, says he was told he’s ineligible to donate his antibody rich plasma to help those battling the virus, because he is a gay man.  
PROPAGANDA POLLYANNA: 'We will not see diseases like the  here' — Meet Kayleigh McEnany, the new White House press secretary  #FBR
Thirty New Yorkers have reported ingesting household cleaners in an 18-hour span after Trump’s bogus coronavirus claims. Out of the cases reported, nine were specifically about possible exposure to Lysol. 
Let's confuse 
Can you trust the results of antibody tests? Scientists evaluated 14 tests that are on the market now. A few worked as advertised. Most did 
There's currently no White House coronavirus briefing planned for Saturday, according to the White House schedule.
NYT: "Some" White House officials "said it was one of the worst days in one of the worst weeks of his  …
“I keep thinking…there is going to be a time where I have been without my husband longer than I have been with him. It hurts,” says Katie Coelho of her husband Jonathan, 32, who died of coronavirus Support the family:  Full story:  
Report: FBI Knew McCain Leaked Steele Dossier, Now Blames Coronavirus For Not Releasing Documents 
This is what I am talking about. The coronavirus $is being used to re-elect Trump.  …
Trump to scale back coronavirus press conferences after  controversy: report  
There is no evidence that sunlight, bleach or any disinfectant can cure coronavirus in the body 
My Mama A True Warrior, Breast Cancer, Brain Tumor, Coronavirus & She Beat It All!! 3 FOR 3! I Love You & I’ll Never Let A Nigga Steal Me From You #MyNurse 
Young, healthy people barely ill with coronavirus are dying from strokes in hospitals and at home. The median age for that type of severe stroke used to be 74. When removing the clot in hospitals, new clots form in real time around it, never seen before  …
"Testing only people with symptoms has likely resulted in a significant undercount of cases at nursing homes, experts say, where the ever-climbing number of people falling ill and dying is already a national  …
Pelosi (D-CA) said “much more than” the initial $400 million for a vote-by-mail initiative will be included in the next coronavirus stimulus bill to enable “every person registered to vote” to receive a ballot at home. 
For the second day in a row, no one has died from coronavirus in South Korea. 10 new cases have been confirmed.
Demonstrators laid out fake body bags in front of Trump's D.C. hotel to protest his mishandling of the coronavirus pandemic 
“I keep thinking…there is going to be a time where I have been without my husband longer than I have been with him. It hurts,” says Katie Coelho of her husband Jonathan, 32, who died of coronavirus Support the family:  Full story:  
“People with disabilities & chronic illnesses confront biases in medical care, face waiting lists to get support in their own homes instead of at nursing homes & struggle to access government benefits...amid a pandemic, challenges are  …
“They will only ever know their dad through pictures and memories…that is the worst part…Anyone who has never had the feeling of Jonathan loving them has seriously missed out,” says Katie Coelho of her husband who died of coronavirus Support the family:  
NBC News confirms: The Navy's top officials  that Capt. Brett Crozier, who was relieved of  after he raised concerns about a coronavirus outbreak on the USS Theodore Roosevelt, should be reinstated.  …
"72% believe moving too quickly to loosen the stay-at-home orders is a greater threat to the country than moving too slowly, and 86% think social distancing and stay-at-home orders are responsible  …
We’ve officially reached the “bright side to people dying is damaging Trump” stage of Trump Derangement  …
After his suggestion that injecting disinfectant to treat the coronavirus drew waves of criticism, President Trump may cut back on his appearances at daily press briefings on the pandemic, White House and GOP officials tell AP. 
caleb so chris cuomo left coronavirus quarantine ? why ? is that not criminal? thank you for this news will update coronavirus outbreak map .com
Tucker Carlson talks with the bicyclist who confronted CNN's @ChrisCuomo for leaving his house while he had Coronavirus. He says Cuomo threatened him saying "you will meet me again over this" 
Recent coronavirus data in states discussed as possible sites for MLB, for context: Arizona w/ 310 new cases Thurs., most of any day in April. Florida 1,072 new cases Thursday Texas 875 new cases Thursday. South Korea, where baseball will restart in May, had 6 new cases Thursday.
While he was infected with coronavirus, CNN's Chris Cuomo left his home and got into a fight with a cyclist who called him out for leaving quarantine. Cuomo then released an entire segment saying he never left quarantine. Tucker Carlson just had the cyclist on his show: 
Yet we were mocked when we said they're over reporting  …
Much of the Trump presidency is a blur but this is a day I think people will  …
Coronavirus: Dominic Cummings attended meetings of key scientific group 
Trump, when are you going to say a word of sympathy & condolences to the families & friends of the 50k coronavirus victims who’ve died in our country & even the others who’ve died around the world? Have you no empathy? Have you  or decency?
On White House wish-list for "Stimulus 4," likely similar to what it was couple weeks ago, per aides: - Payroll tax cut - Extend full expensing - Deductions for meals/entertainment/sports (though who's going?) - "Liability shield" -  …
Coronavirus spreads to Trump country and some worry initial messaging playing down virus may have put his own voters at risk  
Infected humans can pass it on to cats, but cats can't pass it on to humans. More good info here from 
TV ratings decent. Canceled for bad  …
The President was afraid to take questions today during the coronavirus briefing, says @andersoncooper. “He took questions earlier today and lied, lied in such an obvious and blatant way he knew he would be called on it this evening. So he cut and ran.”  
Philip Kahn, a 100-year-old World War II veteran, died on April 17 from the coronavirus. His twin brother, Samuel, died a century earlier as an infant during another pandemic, the Spanish Flu of 1918-19. 
"What have you got to lose?" — Trump, on hydroxychloroquine, March 2020 Hydroxychloroquine is "the primary cause of death" from people taking it for coronavirus. — Journal of the American Medical Association, April 2020 #TrumpIsALaughingStock
Can The Zero Waste Movement Survive Coronavirus? It’s Complicated.  
When quarantine ends people leaving their houses 
Judicial Watch: FBI Knew McCain Leaked Steele Dossier, Now Blames Coronavirus For Not Releasing Documents 
“Our team has shown that administering a specific spectrum of UV-A light can eradicate viruses in infected human cells (including #coronavirus) and bacteria in the area while preserving healthy cells,” stated Dr. Pimentel of @CedarsSinai. Ali Rezaie, MD 
So, to review, the $2 trillion coronavirus relief package provided: — A $500 billion blank check to corporations — $174 billion in tax breaks for the super-rich — A one-time $1,200 check for working Americans It's more socialism for the rich, harsh capitalism for the rest.  …
Cuomo: President Trump Was Right To Criticize WHO’s Response To China’s Coronavirus Outbreak  … 
When you missing bae but it’s still quarantine #coronavirus 
While it’s important to keep your distance while running and bike riding, you’re extremely unlikely to spread the coronavirus by engaging in solo outdoor exercise — especially if you're not in a high-risk group and you and others are wearing masks. 
NEW: Fri 24 April update of coronavirus trajectories Daily deaths • Still too early to say if US has peaked • Looks like UK has • But descents look much slower than ascents • Brazil • Successes in dark blue: Australia, Norway, Austria Live charts  
The world leaders launched an $8 billion collaboration to develop a COVID -19 vaccine today. However, idiot trump doesn’t want the United States involved in the effort.  …
We need a strong @USPS now more than ever for  seniors receiving prescriptions & families staying in touch. It's unconscionable for DC Republicans to use this crisis to sell out a national resource & settle petty political scores.  …
ADDITIONAL SOURCES/ As to Tweet #43, here's the NEW YORK TIMES article discussing both the 430,000 visitors from China Trump could've prevented if he'd stopped travel in late December—a month after he knew of the virus—and the *40,000* post-"ban"  …
SPAIN: 107 year old woman Ana del Valle, who beat the Spanish flu in 1918, has now also beaten a coronavirus infection.
“The U.S. is now expected to blow past the 60,000 mark around the beginning of May, earlier than the IHME model had projected and with less of the dramatic leveling-off that its forecast had initially baked  …
The left-wing media smeared us for questioning whether the number of deaths were inflated. When this is over, most states will have to update their numbers and put the correct count. The left-wing media owes Diamond and Silk an apology for 
Beef production hasn’t ceased - cows haven’t stopped producing methane. So if animal agriculture is a primary driver of climate changing pollution, how is it that pollution levels have dropped so dramatically? No better evidence of the roles of cows vs  …
Perspective: Rural Matters — Coronavirus and the Navajo Nation. #COVID19 #SARSCoV2
Disneyland might not reopen until Jan. 1, 2021 because of the coronavirus pandemic, a financial analyst predicts  …
I ate this for dinner to prevent Coronavirus 
Just  …
The mayor of Japan's third-largest city is facing a public backlash after he suggested men are better suited to grocery shopping during the coronavirus pandemic, because women take too long and contribute to overcrowding at supermarkets. 
Indonesia is paying a stiff price for waiting too long to respond to the pandemic. The country is now playing catch-up to avoid estimates of over 100,000 deaths by  …
‘Trump is a laughing stock’ trends nationwide while the president cuts short coronavirus briefing  …
How do you fight a locust invasion amid coronavirus? 
42/ But it's more than this: Trump was being told by a cadre of Americans at the World Health Organization in December that there was a virus in China that  to the U.S. and be devastating—further confirming the intel reports from 2 U.S.  …
Today brings a bizarre news story from the @WSJ about how everyone is being mean to poor John Ioannidis because of his coronavirus contrarianism. It's behind a paywall, but I'll bring you some of the highlights.  …
39/ But he didn't just permit it—though he knew from the DHHS Crimson Contagion simulation, the NSC pandemic playbook, and papers submitted by White House economists that the virus he'd learned of in November could devastate the US, he sent China our  …
Why are the Democrats so obsessed with “mass Coronavirus testing?” It’s creepy at this point.
The @MDNG's response to #COVID19 is more than just handing out meals, it's about being there for  “Our guys are out on the front lines, but they want to be. They really care about their friends and families that are in these 
The leader of the most prominent U.S. group peddling potentially lethal industrial bleach as a coronavirus "miracle cure" wrote to Trump this week. Mark Grenon said chlorine dioxide 'can rid the body of Covid-19' days before Trump promoted disinfectant.  …
I reported on this over a month ago, and everyone thought it was a conspiracy. Now health departments are admitting they pump death counts. “A ‘probable death’ is one that a doctor believes is caused by COVID-19, even though the patient is never 
This is not the cure for #coronavirus 
Gang. He was right. It works. I injected myself with bleach and am puking up all the Coronavirus right now.
38/ So at a time the Trump administration had received *and rejected* urgent U.S. intelligence on the coronavirus, it received from *China* a request for an exceptional, entirely unexplained "out" clause that would cover a pandemic. And what did Trump do? Nothing—he permitted it.
Wow We officially raised over $125,000 for COVID-19 relief and have recently surpassed $175,000 (my goal, just not updated yet) in route to feed over 1 million people in the month of April due to Coronavirus. Thank you to everyone who has supported in some way. 
“There have been 4,093 domestic abuse arrests in London alone in the last six weeks, the Metropolitan Police has said. This equates to nearly 100 arrests a day on average, while domestic abuse calls have risen by around a third in the same  …
Why on earth with ⁦ @phunware⁩ - a data collection firm led by @blythemasters⁩ qualify for #PPP a loan meant for businesses dramatically impacted by #COVID19 shut down orders. There is NO NEED for contact with others. It’s data  …
NYC Poison Control Center saw 30 cases of exposure to Lysol, bleach & other cleaners in 18 hours after Trump’s suggestion disinfectant might be used to treat coronavirus That’s more than double during same period in 2019, per health dept Thankfully no hospitalizations or deaths 
34/ In November 2019, just a few weeks after Trump gets the Biden dirt he demanded from China, U.S. intelligence tells Trump that there is a virus emerging in China that could be dangerous. The intelligence is urgent  from multiple U.S.  …
BREAKING: @ChrisCuomo's wife added bleach to her baths after being tested positive for coronavirus. (Not Satire)  …
Confirming @jonathanvswan's reporting: Pres Trump is planning to pare down WH pressers & may stop holding them daily. A WH source tells me it’s partly because WH sees the coronavirus outbreak as past its peak. That person also said Trump's  were overblown.
The world know about Gates Why does a man who repeatedly says the world is overpopulated want to vaccinate the friggen entire world.. One month before China got the flu he run a "Coronavirus" pandemic simulation exercise with @WHO #Plandemic 
My daughter my bro wear they mask bc they don’t want coronavirus 
FRIDAY FOLLIES...A different kind of “bleach bit.” “Chris Cuomo's wife says she BATHED in Clorox to treat coronavirus”  via @MailOnline
The coronavirus pandemic left millions ordered to stay home, emptied highways and spurred record unemployment filings But construction projects of every shape and size — deemed essential by the state and allowed to proceed by Los Angeles — have continued.  …
Good old  …
1 in 57 people in New York City have tested positive for coronavirus, 1 in 221 people in New York City have been hospitalized for coronavirus, and 1 in 530 people in New York City have died from coronavirus, according to data from the city and the US Census Bureau.
NEW: Trump abruptly ended his daily coronavirus briefing on Friday, walking out without answering any questions from the press, just a day after he suggested injecting disinfectant as a possible treatment for COVID-19. 
But hey, @neil_ferguson says everybody loves his code! And he's not biased at all! (Actually he didn't even say that, he said the people he'd allowed to see it were "largely positive." Oh. Talk about a ringing endorsement.)  …
‘Don’t defend Trump – attack China’: coronavirus strategy revealed in Republican memo  …
Trump literally stands by the door and runs out of the coronavirus briefing without taking questions. 
Missing the casino so much because of coronavirus I had to go on webkinz to gamble. 
New from @jonathanvswan: Pres Trump plans to pare back his coronavirus pressers. He may stop appearing daily and make shorter appearances. One person said: "I mean, you wonder how we got to the point where you're talking about injecting disinfectant?"  …
A number of Trump's most trusted advisers have urged him to stop doing marathon televised briefings. They've told him he's overexposed and these appearances are part of the reason polls aren't looking good for him right now against Joe Biden.  …
In his very brief briefing, one thing that President Trump did not mention was that 50,000 Americans have now died from the coronavirus
President Trump plans to pare back his coronavirus press conferences, according to four sources familiar with the internal deliberations. As soon as next week, he may stop appearing daily and make shorter appearances when he does, the sources said.  …
Nationwide, the percentage of Coronavirus tests  back positive has declined very significantly. In New York, new cases are down 50%, and fatalities are down 40%. 
Scoop: Trump plans to cut daily coronavirus briefings  …
Trump cut and ran from today’s coronavirus breifing. Maybe because he humiliated himself yesterday, or possibly because his favorite dictator Kim Jong Un is rumored to be Kim Jong Un-derground
Just when you think the WH coronavirus briefings could'nt get any worse with Temper Trantrum Trump we get Blow smoke up his ass Pence. When will this two ring circus end? Even Pence looks at Trump like the idiot he is. 
That’s the way we roll #coronavirus 
coronavirus leaving my body after david dobrik saying “stay healthy cuties!!” 
Now that it appears Tom Hanks and Oprah are not going to GITMO #QAnon is back to hating #coronavirus 
VP Mike Pence: "From early in this effort President Trump called forth a whole-of-government response to coronavirus in this country." 50K Americans killed and Pence is lying. Check the timeline: Trump spent two whole months in denial. #TrumpDisinfectant 
Blistering editorial by San Jose Mercury News: "Californians should know which care facilities have coronavirus cases, how many and how many deaths, and whether the victims are staff or residents. This fundamental information should be disclosed...  …
"We will probably be sending [ventilators] to Germany should they need them" -- Trump wants people that believe that Germany, which has had 5,739 coronavirus deaths, somehow wants help from America, which has had 51,445 deaths 
REMINDER: Last week, I ordered Genesis II to immediately cease & desist marketing this bleach product as a "cure" for #COVID19. Peddling this product puts the American people in real danger. This isn't sarcasm, this is  …
President Trump says over the last seven days there has been significant progress. "The country is in a great place," he says. Top White House scientists Dr. Birx and Dr. Fauci are not present for today's coronavirus task force briefing.
Ezeife: COVID-19 can’t survive herbal treatment, it cures faster The elder statesman stated this in a statement titled, ‘A call for more aggressive treatment (cure) of Coronavirus.’  …
#Corona #CoronaUpdate "Indeed, so often we advised the decision makers; especially leaders of the Muslims, and the disbelievers in general also those who turn away but they do" 05-03-2020  … ~=- coronavirus Washington' Miami New York 
LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force  …
FYI, before snickering and mocking President @realDonaldTrump for simply opening a discussion about the possibility of UV lights as a tool to fight the coronavirus, read this:  …
A Chinese Ship Crew have pleaded guilty to attempted murder for throwing 2 Tanzanian stowaways (men who hid on their ship) into the shark-infested Indian Ocean in South Africa. They claim they did so over the fear of Coronavirus. South Africans at Zinkwazi Beach rescued them. 
Scientists at Cedars-Sinai are developing an ultraviolet light that is inserted into the lungs of coronavirus patients to kill the virus living there. Trump was right again about "inserting UV light." It's called the #Healight 
In the interest of fairness, here is President Trump’s own words regarding his claim that he was being sarcastic to reporters during the Coronavirus Task Force Briefing, and Trump’s actual remarks regarding his disinfectant 'injection' idea. #Coronavirus  …
Dem @RepAOC said this week, “Only in America, when the president tweets about liberation, does he mean go back to work. When we have this discussion about going back or reopening, I think a lot of people should just say ‘no’—we’re not going back to  …
There’s something stinking to high doh in the state of Denmark. Throw all the shit at me you like, but I don’t remotely trust what is happening with this government presently. No... not one fecking centimetre. You’re being played, folks! #OstrichNation  …
80% of NYC's coronavirus patients who are put on ventilators ultimately die, and some doctors are trying to stop using them! So if hospitals continue to vent, are they guilty of malpractice or even murder? @flotus @potus @agbarr  … via @businessinsider
"As coronavirus cases mounted at meatpacking plants this month, the federal government granted 15 poultry processors waivers to cut chickens faster, usually by crowding more workers onto their production lines."  …
A 100-year-old WWII veteran dies of the coronavirus a century after the flu pandemic killed his twin  …
Me:(Knocks) ko ko ko @only1bryan_ : who’s there? Me: #indaboski #OdumejeTheLion #level4lockdown #coronavirus @KraksTV @AwosanyaAdeboy1 @hardeckxpro_ @ProphetOdumeje @Bikky_Mars  – at Ibadan
Dubai mall to open on April 28 good news go coronavirus go 
Bowing to pressure from Beijing, E.U. officials softened criticism of China in a report on how governments spread disinformation about the coronavirus pandemic 
#OscarMeyer is donating meals every time we use the hashtag #frontyardcookout Thank you for doing this! We will remember those who, under the pressure of the #coronavirus became diamonds! We see you shining! Thank you @oscarmayer 
University of Miami (FL) has concluded its preliminary COVID-19 study, which found ~165,000 Miami-Dade residents (or 6%) had antibodies, nearly 16x the number of cases reported by the state health department. This puts the fatality rate at ~0.14%  …
The National Republican Senatorial Committee sent campaigns a detailed, 57-page memo authored by a top Republican strategist advising GOP candidates to address the coronavirus crisis by aggressively attacking China  …
This is a picture of my dad. He was diagnosed last Sunday with coronavirus - died in one week. I didn’t get to say goodbye to him and I didn’t get to hold him. This virus is a monster and a beast, it robs you of a last goodbye. It puts a barrier up it doesn’t let you get through 
If you have diabetes, you are at higher risk for getting seriously ill from #coronavirus. Learn how you can take steps to protect yourself and slow the spread at  . 
Experts are wondering if Australia has pulled off a miracle. The talk is not just of suppression of the new coronavirus, but possible elimination of the scourge of COVID-19 altogether from parts of the country.  …
Miami/Dade seroprevalence-estimated infected at 6% or 165,000 people; under 300 deaths, so ~0.2% IFR (looks likely to move lower as test  in). "Miami-Dade has tens of thousands of missed coronavirus infections, UM survey finds"  …
Protesters dumped body bags at Trump’s hotel to protest his coronavirus response 
This looks like a well-done sample. Findings consistent with other studies indicating far wider disease spread than we thought, thus a much lower mortality rate.  …
Coronavirus Overtakes Ninjas As Top Invisible Enemy 
Native Americans are getting covid at 3x the rate of the general population. The Navajo Nation has more cases than any state other than NY or NJ. Even then, most states aren't even recognizing this, throwing Native Americans into the "other race"  …
And Miami/Dade reports a 6% antibody infection rate, 165,000 cases. The 15x active infection figure in the article is an understatement - the tests took two weeks to carry out. Miami/Dade has under 300 deaths, a ~0.2% death rate (noticing a  …
Breakdown of coronavirus data by age & gender 
Gone r d days when I still look fresh. This coronavirus no do good at all oo 
Tanzania's President Dr. John Magufuli states that he hasn't shut the borders and put the country on lockdown because of the effects it would have on the economy. He also urged citizens to attend church services in mass mumbers to pray against Coronavirus because it is satanic. 
Our "stable genius" president has suggested that injecting disinfectant might be an effective approach to treating coronavirus. Mr. Trump: your shameful inaction has already cost American lives. Stop putting more at risk with your lies and pseudoscience.
Ryanair's boss has accused Sir Richard Branson of trying to "fleece" the British taxpayer as Virgin Atlantic bids for a government loan to stop it collapsing during the #coronavirus pandemic. To read more, click here:  
A patient in our ER gave himself a bleach enema. He is being treated for external & internal chemical burns & receiving a psych consult. He said the president said it kills coronavirus.  …
Coronavirus conspiracy theories don't stop at Bill Gates and 5G  
TONIGHT: The Guardian has reported that Boris Johnson’s chief political adviser Dominic Cummings attended SAGE, the independent scientific body guiding our coronavirus response. We'll speak to former Chief Scientific Adviser @Sir_David_King about what this means #Newsnight 
African-Americans are 14% of the nation’s population, but 33% in Coronavirus cases. That’s the tweet.
Suddenly Sarah Conner  a doctor curing a coronavirus patient. 
White House pressing ahead with plans 4 "liability shield" that would protect employers from lawsuits related to coronavirus. WH legal counsel's reviewing. Biz executives told WH that liability concerns could hamstring Trump's push to "reopen" the economy  …
Black cats turned into paste, sold as coronavirus remedy in Vietnam  …
Guess who doesn’t have to worry about Coronavirus anymore! 
50,000 > “pretty close to zero” #coronavirus
Many established doctors unethically prescribed hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin to coronavirus patients and the mainstream media amplified their voices. There must be some level of accountability here for both those doctors and the media who let their dangerous actions slide.
Don’t drink bleach, make memes instead #dankmemes #disinfectant #UVLight #Trump #TrumpDisinfectant #coronavirus #bleach #wtfishappening #lysol 
Sen. @tedcruz: "We have spent more than enough Money, we cannot spend our way out" of Coronavirus 
Corona virus not here. !!! 
We challenged our fellows & alumni to collaborate and create projects that could help  with better news and information around #coronavirus. We're excited to announce 5 teams receiving funds for their project.  …
i have just extended the coronavirus pandemic to 2027 
Mexico has just recorded 12,000 new severe lung infections IN ONE WEEK Compare that to the 11,633 coronavirus cases registered over TWO MONTHS and you get a sense of how much under-counting is going on Infections jumped 50% this season By  …
This is pathetic, and I hope @POTUS @realDonaldTrump takes note. Military chaplains had to remove their prayers & encouragement from Facebook as they were ministering during this pandemic—all because of attacks by @MikeyWeinstein & his atheist group.  …
See our Op Ed in the Chicago Trib re AG’s dangerous refusal to decarcerate fed jails during COVID-19 even as he moves to decarcerate fed prisons. Defenders can rely on hard evidence we cite to show releasing people from jail is less dangerous than  …
More than 50,000 Americans have died of coronavirus. The necessary isolation covid-19 imposes has robbed the bereaved of proper goodbyes. This is how they lived — and what was lost when they died. 
How is the quarantine? #CoronaVirus 
I can't believe this needs to be said, but please do not ingest any kind of disinfectant. It will not kill the coronavirus. Trump is spreading dangerous misinformation and endangering lives.
After the Trump/coronavirus nightmare ends, I hope we’ll experience a cultural change in which more recognize ignorance as dangerous and irresponsible, and facts, knowledge, and expertise as vital to our survival and prosperity.
More than 50,000 people have now died from coronavirus in the United States. Again, on March 19, the number was 149. In only five weeks, more than 50,000 mothers and fathers, sons and daughters, brothers and sisters in the U.S. have died from this virus. And sadly, it continues.
Fact check: President Trump lied Friday when he said he was being "sarcastic" when he asked medical experts on Thursday to look into the possibility of injecting disinfectant as a treatment for the coronavirus. 
WOW, DID SHE ACTUALLY SAY THIS? THIS IS A COMPLETE LIE - INCREDIBLE - Pelosi Spreads Dangerous Misinformation Amid Coronavirus Pandemic: "The President is Asking People to Inject Lysol Into Their Lungs" (VIDEO)  … via @gatewaypundit
China rejects calls for an independent international investigation into the origin of the coronavirus 
CORONAVIRUS UPDATES:  — China, South Korea report no new deaths. —  warns against ingesting its products. — Georgia governor defends opening some nonessential businesses. 
#TheEndTimeGospel is informing the Church of Christ that there is no time for preaching the Gospel of sow a seed get a miracle,which is essentially a modern Gospel that denies the Cross and the blood.Could it be the reason why Corona Virus struck the earth? Choose repentance. 
The  of Lysol and another disinfectant warned that its products should not be used as an internal treatment for the coronavirus after President Trump wondered about the prospect during a briefing 
Assalamu Alaykum. I am raising money for children caught up in the Yemeni conflict who have also been badly affected by the Coronavirus. Please do your part in sadaqah. PLEASE RT AND SHARE ‘’The best charity is that given in Ramadan’’ Tirmidhi  …
Getting creative to fight off coronavirus 
Capt. Brett Crozier wrote a letter demanding better safety measures as his crew battled a COVID-19 outbreak on 
“I’m not a runner. I hate running.” But the stress of treating coronavirus patients became too much, and she needed a way to cope, so she laced up. “I decided to go for a run one day last month and it felt really good. It was crazy."  …
With a warm weekend in the forecast, Gov. Newsom is warning Californians not to head to the beaches en masse. If they do, he says, we'd likely see a spike in #coronavirus hospitalizations next week. 
Michael Avenatti, a young healthy man, was released from jail due to coronavirus risk. Does this mean Judge Berman won't order the much-older Roger Stone to report to prison?
Day32 Supporting Each Other CORONAVIRUS 
BREAKING: Officials say the top Navy officer has  the reinstatement of Capt. Brett Crozier, who was fired over an email pleading for help to protect his crew from a coronavirus outbreak. 
Surveillance a price worth paying to beat coronavirus, says Blair thinktank  …
“Someday, I’m going to die. But I guarantee I will not die of having wagered my life that TV carnival barkers, political halfwits and MAGA-hat-wearing geniuses know more than experts. In other words, I will not die of stupid.” My latest  …
Notifications of our first wave of #Coronavirus relief funds have gone out to Idaho. We are all in this #TogetherApart. 
. @FLOTUS, along with all Americans, continue to keep medical professionals and their patients in her  …
Can’t believe the Simpson’s predicted the cure for Coronavirus 
At the #letssharecovid19 rally in Madison Wisconsin today there is a remote control coronavirus cruising around. (Photo:Michael Matheson) 
Judicial Watch: FBI Knew McCain Leaked Steele Dossier, Now Blames Coronavirus For Not Releasing Documents 
A whistleblower just connected Trump-like retaliation to coronavirus hospital shortages  …
Devastating news. We must all continue to do our part to flatten the curve and help save lives. Proud that California is leading by  …
From the very beginning, President Trump's robust response to the coronavirus has been guided by the science and advice from health experts. 
COVID-19 has an outer armament of 27 specialized proteins. Those 27 proteins present scientists with 27 targets and 27 potential opportunities to stop the virus. Scientists at @sciencePNNL & #SSGCID look for any sign of the virus’  …
New coronavirus cure 
NEW: CA has launched a first-in-the-nation program-- Restaurants Deliver will allow local restaurants to provide meals for older Californians. 3 meals a day--at no cost. This will help provide jobs to local businesses and aid those in need. Learn more:  .
I’m requesting the bipartisan Select  on the Coronavirus Crisis investigate whether Donald Trump owing millions to the Bank of China influenced his decision to facilitate the transportation of 17.8 tons of donated #PPE & medical supplies from U.S. to China in Feb 2020  
Fact check: US President Trump lied Friday when he said he was being "sarcastic" when he asked medical experts on Thursday to look into the possibility of injecting disinfectant as a treatment for the coronavirus. 
"Kemp is one of a half-dozen southern GOP governors who are rushing to lift coronavirus restrictions faster than the experts say they should. Those states also refused to expand Medicaid, leading to some of the highest uninsured rates in the country."  …
injecting my body with hotdog water to kill the coronavirus
Keep sending love and positive energy to Scarface. He continues to go to dialysis after kidney failure related to Coronavirus. 
Look beyond what you see... The devil is in the 
The world is facing global health emergency due to #CoronaVirus pandemic but sadly in Nigeria Sheikh Zakzaky has been under illegal detention for over 4 years. It is requested to the govt of Nigeria to release Shiekh Zakzaky & his wife Zinat Ibrahim ASAP. 
Someone says "The world will never be the same after #coronavirus" Is it out of humanitarian concern for all the death and suffering caused by the COVIDIOCY Or political zeal for a lifetime chance to spring the totalitarian trap shut on mankind  …
One trapped inside coronavirus  
This is the right context for  "The president is excessively focused on miracle cures and wishful thinking rather than on making incremental progress through small improvements on multiple  …
Who ends up paying for that  …
The lies and coverup by President Xi and the Chinese Communist Party allowed coronavirus to spread across the world. So how do we make China pay? Read my latest op-ed with  …
Nickelodeon's #KidsChoiceAwards will be the first remotely produced awards show to take place amid the coronavirus pandemic 
Navy leaders  reinstating Capt. Crozier: Capt. Brett Crozier, who was removed  after sending a letter pleading for help to fight the coronavirus on his aircraft carrier, was largely cleared after Navy review.  …
BREAKING: Navy leaders  reinstating Capt. Brett Crozier, fired over coronavirus warning  …
Dominic Cummings and former data scientist for Vote Leave campaign on Scientific Advisory Group for Emergencies (SAGE) Does this explain how “herd immunity” became policy? #coronavirus 
More than 34,700 people have died of the novel #coronavirus in 297 cities checkered across all of #Iran's 31 provinces, according to the Iranian opposition 
President Trump says his suggestion that Americans inject disinfectant to treat coronavirus was "said sarcastically"  
The rise of xenophobia during the coronavirus pandemic is revealing a sentiment that has long existed in America, according to many historians. 
Trumps newest idea to fight the coronavirus 
Imagine that - China sent Canada 1 million respirators that don’t  …
Cant make this up. Turns out Mark Grenon, leader of the group peddling bleach as a COVID 'cure' wrote to Trump this week, saying that chlorine dioxide (a powerful bleach that is deadly when drunk) “can rid the body of Covid-19”. He distributes  …
Here's my letter to @drsanjaygupta about his @CNN reporting on #flu  …
Days before Trump made the dangerous suggestion that injecting "disinfectant" could cure #coronavirus (which he now claims was "sarcastic"), "archbishop" of bogus "church" that markets bleach as a cure for autism and cancer had begged Trump to "intervene."  …
Sky News analysis has found that England is among the European countries with the highest number of "excess deaths" during the #COVID19 
Should China be held financially accountable for the DEATH and ECONOMIC DESTRUCTION the Coronavirus has caused the United States and its people?
Here's a mashup of Trump claiming today he was just asking "a very sarcastic question to the reporters in the room" when he mused about disinfectant injections as a possible coronavirus miracle cure, followed by the original clip showing beyond a doubt that he was not doing that. 
JUST IN: Georgia records 635 new coronavirus cases, 20 more deaths as businesses begin to reopen  
Revealed: leader of group peddling bleach as coronavirus 'cure' wrote to Trump this week  …
Evidence emerges each day that lays the blame for this global pandemic at the feet of the Chinese Communist Party. So how do we hold China’s government accountable? We can empower the American people to seek justice. My latest with  …
The official COVID-19 death toll in the U.S. has passed 50,000, with both its death and confirmed case totals far higher than any other 
NEW: Maryland sends out emergency alert after receiving more than 100 calls on consuming disinfectant, governor's office 
Maryland posted a warning not to ingest or inject disinfectant as a counter to the coronavirus, citing more than 100 people who called its hotline asking about it after Trump's briefing yesterday.
Today, the U.S. death toll from covid-19 surpassed 50,000. 50,000 human beings that weeks ago were living vibrantly in every corner of our country. 50,000 of your neighbors and teachers, doctors and grocers, moms and dads. Here, we tell their  …
Do not inject or ingest disinfectants to cure coronavirus. You will cause serious harm to yourself. Be smart & listen to the experts: stay home, wear a face-covering & practice social distancing as my friends demonstrate in this video. 
As though Trump  up with his own moronic ideas. "Leader of group peddling bleach as coronavirus cure wrote to Trump this week. Wrote chlorine dioxide ‘can rid the body of Covid-19’ days before Trump promoted injecting disinfectant as treatment"  …
Trump falsely claims he didn't suggest injecting disinfectant as coronavirus treatment, after he is widely criticized for being a moron. His staff of doctors, scientists and experts didn't criticize his idiotic treatment suggestion because they're afraid of being sent to Siberia.
While @realDonaldTrump has been criticized for asking whether disinfectants could be "injected" to treat coronavirus, he was correct about the possibility of introducing ultra-violet light into the lungs. A brand new device announced just this week: 
Would be nice if getting a coronavirus test in this country was half as easy as getting a semi-automatic rifle.
All Houston voters can now request mail-in ballot. Read the whole thread: County will accept your request for ballot based on “disability.” Follows ruling that “disability” applies to voters who fear that voting in person will expose them to coronavirus. Because it will.  …
Reality Winner, NSA leaker, denied early release from prison over coronavirus concerns 
In Mexico, cartels are running out of cash to pay sicarios. In the U.S., prices for street drugs are rising. One reason? Most fentanyl originates in Wuhan,  …
I will only accept a vaccine for the coronavirus if it has been developed by queer women of colour. All other vaccines will be boycotted. You have been warned.
Aaaaaaand there it  …
Dominic Cummings and Ben Warner, a data scientist who worked with on the #VoteLeave campaign, are both on the secretive Scientific Advisory Group for Emergencies (Sage), which is advising the government on coronavirus.  …
As authorities the world over consider when to lift economy-crippling movement restrictions aimed at curbing coronavirus infections, the fear on everyone’s minds can be expressed in two words: second wave 
President  address at West Point in June will bring back 1,000 cadets who are scattered across the country to help counter the coronavirus. It was news to many when he announced it — including those at the academy. 
Coronavirus is spreading fast in states that may reopen soon, study finds  
Extreme impacts are occurring as a result of #Coronavirus actions. Most who influence decisions aren’t using a full interdisciplinary analysis of impacts but are the first to admonish those who question them as “not listening to experts”. Here is what #CongressDoesNotKnow:
*When we finally BEAT coronavirus * Me: 
BREAKING: Boris Johnson's senior aide Dominic Cummings has been attending meetings of SAGE, the supposedly 'independent' scientific advisory group to the Govt, throughout the #Coronavirus crisis.  …
misery and death exported worldwide #china #coronavirus 
Even if we were to accept that Trump was employing sarcasm in suggesting cleaning product as a curative for coronavirus, what the actual fuck is a U.S. president doing employing sarcasm to convey medical info during a public health crisis? Thousands die and he's going for snide?
As part of the coronavirus stimulus package that became law last month, the U.S. government is giving away $174 billion in temporary tax breaks to overwhelmingly rich individuals and  according to interviews and government estimates 
If you were Matt Hancock, who would you choose to run your coronavirus testing centre? 
With Native patients being put into the “other” category, rampant racial misclassification, and inadequate funding 4 Indian Health Services, one of the most vulnerable populations in our country is not being counted during the #coronavirus pandemic.  …
Usually on a Friday night, London’s bars & pubs would be gearing up for a weekend of festive events, live music & Sunday roasts. #COVID19 has stopped that for now. I’m doing all I can to ensure London’s vibrant life at night has the support it needs at this unprecedented time 
At a time when millions of Americans are stuck at home and can’t work, Trump is demanding what is basically a tax hike on  …
Trump says he was being sarcastic when he floated disinfectant as a coronavirus treatment  
LYSOL WARNING: Lysol warned that disinfectants should NOT be injected  the #coronavirus after President Trump raised the idea during a White House briefing  
The Onion ran a story nearly a month ago featuring a fictional grocery shopper in Wyoming stocking up on more than $2K worth of bleach, ammonia, and Drano in case Trump suddenly suggested human consumption of such things could be cure for the coronavirus. 
“Inject with disinfectant” is a breakout search, Worldwide and “sunlight disinfectant” spiked +3,100% past day 
BREAKING: Congressional Budget Office says coronavirus aid, likely recession to cause deficit to reach $3.7 trillion this year. 
Now he wants to quadruple USPS prices. He must be injecting #disinfectant  …
Now #trump's claiming that when he said disinfectants could be injected into the body to kill the #coronavirus, that he was being sarcastic to a reporter's question. No reporter asked him that question & he wasn't being sarcastic. He seriously asked Dr #Brix of that possibility.
The FDA warns against the use of two drugs, hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine, that have been touted by President Trump as potential treatments for coronavirus  
The preprint only says the study recruited via Facebook. It doesn't mention this email went to a school in a wealthy part of Silicon Valley. It was sent "without my permission or my knowledge or the permission of the research team," the professor  …
#SpaceApps 2020 is October 2nd-4th, though the world needs your ideas NOW. That's why we're announcing NASA's Space Apps COVID-19 Challenge, May 30th-31st. Stay safe and stay tuned for more, including how YOU can be part of this special edition, virtual coronavirus hackathon. 
The UK is playing a leading role in efforts to develop a #Covid vaccine and better testing. We're pleased to co-host the Coronavirus Global Response Summit on 4 May with our partners @BillGates  @CEPIvaccines @WHO, to develop a vaccine together.
Maker of Dettol says product should not be ingested 'under any circumstances' after Trump suggests carrying out tests to see if #COVID19 patients could be injected with 
The Welsh government today joined Scotland’s in defying Downing Street and setting out its own plans for how and when the coronavirus lockdown might be relaxed  …
Witnessing a Doctor's soul dying... #disinfectant #lysol #Covid_19 #TrumpPressBriefing #Trump #COVID19 #coronavirus #InjectDisinfectant #UVLight #DrBirx 
SCOOP: Here's something new about that Stanford COVID-19 antibody study. In an email I obtained, the wife of the professor leading it recruited people by saying an “FDA approved” test (it's not) would show if they could “return to work without fear.”  …
Many people with anxiety and depression are managing this crisis better than anticipated, and some experts believe that may be because a worst case scenario is already  …
JUST IN: Michael Avenatti has been released from jail due to coronavirus fears  
Judicial Watch: FBI Knew McCain Leaked Steele Dossier, Now Blames Coronavirus For Not Releasing Documents 
After a barrage of calls to its hotline, the Maryland Emergency Management Agency on Friday warned residents not to use disinfectant products to treat coronavirus.  …
Trump says he will block emergency coronavirus aid for U.S. Postal Service if it doesn’t hike prices immediately  …
Trump signs half trillion dollar small business coronavirus relief package into law 
Unbelievable - government decided to outsource coronavirus testing centre to Deloitte, and now they've failed @MattHancock this is not a time for privatisation ideology and jobs for the boys 
Iowa Gov. Kim Reynolds announced a plan to reopen parts of the state, a day after Iowa recorded its biggest single-day increase in coronavirus-related deaths 
It is disgusting that Trump would exploit this pandemic to bust postal unions and privatize the most popular government agency in America. If we can bail out large corporations, we can damn well save the Postal Service and protect these essential  …
Opinion | Fethullah Gülen: The coronavirus changed how Ramadan looks. But it will not change our faith in God. 
If not now, when? 
The wealthy got $174 billion in tax breaks in the relief deal. None have anything to do with the coronavirus, they were just tacked on because the wealthy have the influence to get them. The $1,200 you're getting is 0.000000007% of what the wealthy got  …
The mayor of Japan's third-largest city is facing a public backlash after he suggested men are better suited to grocery shopping during the coronavirus pandemic, because women take too long and contribute to overcrowding at supermarkets. 
Injecting disinfectant and killing yourself to kill me is a weird flex but ok
She's a ridiculous person. Trump didn't tell people to inject Lysol, and McConnell said that if states racked up tens of billions in debts unrelated to coronavirus, it is absolutely not the federal government's responsibility to bail them out. But slay queen, or whatever.  …
"Numbers were minimal. Numbers were going to be 100,000 people." -- Trump dodges a question about whether he takes any responsibility for the number of US coronavirus deaths surpassing 50,000 
Should the coronavirus lockdown in the UK be extended beyond the 11th of May? Please RT for larger sample size.
5 modelers quoted in @nytimes article about COVID-19 models, all men. Modelers are NOT all men, and neither are those involved here: the Northeastern, Imperial, and Los Alamos teams have a lot of women leading the science. Why only quote  …
#25theAmendmentNow is trending because Trump is advocating the insane idea of 'injection' of disinfectant to beat coronavirus #25thamendmentnow  …
As Los Angeles hunkers down because of the coronavirus, construction continues on mega-mansions and a host of other big-ticket projects. My latest with @khouriandrew and  …
At yesterday's White House briefing, President Trump speculated that coronavirus could be stopped with injections of disinfectant. Please please please please do not do that, manufacturers and federal agencies say. Don't drink it either. Please? 
Chinese biotech firm says coronavirus vaccine protects monkeys 
We thank @HouseJudiciary for taking action for our safety, and we echo their urgent call. It is critical that @ATFHQ immediately act to monitor and regulate the sale of ghost gun kits amid the COVID-19 pandemic.  …
 that makes Lysol is urging customers not to consume its cleaning products after President Trump suggested the possibility of injecting disinfectants to protect people from coronavirus. 
We are at Indore's Aurobindo Medical Institute for this first ever report from inside a COVID hospital. Learn "Insaniyat" & Duty from the mortuary workers. 4 Hindu men who perform burials for Muslims who die from Corona virus. This story especially for our hate spewing TV anchors 
Native Americans being left out of US coronavirus data and labelled as 'other'  …
Trump now claims he was not serious about injecting bleach as a counter to coronavirus: "I was asking a sarcastically to reporters just like you to see what would happen," he tells pool, per @chrisjohnson82
MSNBC called the Coronavirus "a silver lining" because it could take down Trump Joe Biden said he was "excited" about the "institutional changes" Democrats could make because of the virus 27 million Americans out of work And all the left cares about is beating Trump Shameful.
Trump just told the press pool that the US Postal Service should raise its shipping prices by four times -- and as leverage he threatened to withhold a congressionally-approved emergency coronavirus loan to USPS, confirming @Reinlwapo's 
#Huawei teaming up with Apple and Google to contact-trace coronavirus patients… What could go wrong?  …
During his daily briefing, New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said he received a letter from a retired Kansas farmer, enclosed with one N95 mask. The farmer asked Cuomo to give it to a New York health care worker on the frontlines of the coronavirus pandemic.  
Trump telling reporters he was just being "sarcastic" yesterday when he suggested that people could inject themselves with disinfectant as a treatment for coronavirus. per TV pool reporter @weijia (note: in the video it did not appear he was being sarcastic)
A second US Navy ship, the USS Kidd, has been hit by an outbreak of coronavirus, with at least 18 cases on the destroyer, a navy official says  
Per the pool in the Oval Office right now, Trump now says he was being sarcastic when he mused that disinfectants could possibly kill the coronavirus inside the body.
These Govt daily press briefings are so lame & so inexcusably cozy. Journalists have to ask sharper, tougher questions. The UK #coronavirus death toll is scandalously high & rocketing higher every day. Hold the Govt to account!
✓ SIGNED President @realdonaldtrump just signed Phase 3.5 of coronavirus relief legislation into law! Here's what it includes: + $310B to refill the small business Paycheck Protection Program + $75B for hospitals + $25B for testing More help is on the way. 
Facebook Coronavirus ‘Fact Checker’ Worked with Wuhan Virus Lab.  …
I am deeply grateful to the Michigan congressional delegation for their hard work and leadership in passing the latest federal COVID-19 relief package. Their dedication to our state is one of the many reasons we are going to get through this  …
Ministers were warned last year that the UK must have a robust plan to deal with a pandemic virus.  included stockpiling PPE and sorting other essential kit. Lives have been lost as a result of far too many  …
UPDATE: President Trump has signed the nearly $500B coronavirus bill that includes additional money for the small-business loan program, as well as more funding for hospitals and testing.
We shouldn’t be drinking or injecting disinfectants. Let's not further overwhelm our medical professionals—and let’s not take medical advice from someone who tried to convince America that the coronavirus was a hoax.
Anyone who still listens to trump and takes his “medical advice” should, in fact, inject bleach to fight the corona virus.
Our sincere gratitude to everyone, who are consistently & patiently working round the clock, fighting the Coronavirus. !!! 
When Coronavirus is behind us, we will find out MORE people died from SUICIDE DEPRESSION & OPIOD ABUSE than Coronavirus deaths. #OpenUpAmerica.
Made this Joke #Covid_19 before Coronavirus visited Nigeria Kindly Retweet 
and expertise now at the heart of @WHO efforts to develop and distribute a safe, affordable coronavirus vaccine to all. Congratulations to Sir Andrew Witty and @NOIweala, on your appointment as vaccine Special Envoys.
As Doctor I'm on Duty on Coronavirus to taking care people. #StayHome Thank you. - New York, USA. 
Trump says he disagrees with  that U.S. needs more coronavirus testing  
Redwing Group Photo - Spring 2020 (Coronavirus edition) 
With politicians touting the potential benefits of malaria drugs hydroxychloroquine and its close chemical cousin chloroquine to fight #COVID19, some people are turning away from clinical trials of other 
Stop listening to Trump and his pet governors if you want to save your life and  …
Nicola Sturgeon has rebuked Donald Trump's idea that ingesting disinfectant could be a possible cure for coronavirus.  
This is a direct result of the Governor opening up the beaches. STAY HOME. Florida sees sudden spike in reported coronavirus cases as more than 1,000 are confirmed  …
Please Don't Drink Disinfectant, Lysol And Dettol Maker Said After Trump Suggested People Could Inject It To Kill The Coronavirus  …
Please help me make people think about those disposable now littering our streets. I’d love it if you would read my column and share it - to help get more of them in the .  … #mydayinla
President Trump has promoted unproven and potentially dangerous treatments for the coronavirus. On Thursday, he speculated about treatments involving the use of household disinfectants that would be dangerous if put inside the body. 
𝗗𝗶𝗿𝗲𝗰𝘁𝗼𝗿 𝗼𝗳 𝗖𝗗𝗖 𝘄𝗮𝗿𝗻𝘀; -Second wave of coronavirus will be far worse because it's likely to begin at the start of flu season -We will have the flu epidemic and the coronavirus epidemic at the same time Source Washington Post April 21,2020 By L. Sun #SecondWave 
BREAKING: New MoveOn 60-second ad "APRIL" launching in FL, PA, MI: Trump promised the virus would miraculously go away in April. Today is April 24th and 50,000 Americans are dead amid his botched coronavirus response. Trump didn't prepare for April. We will prepare for November. 
Botswana’s economy is set for its worst performance in a decade as a result of the fallout from the coronavirus pandemic, according to the finance ministry 
No American flags at half staff although, “just a few days from now, more Americans will have died from covid-19 than the entire toll from the Vietnam  …
BREAKING: UK #Coronavirus hospital deaths rise by 684 to 19,506. Many 1000s more have died in care homes  but we don’t know exactly how many because the Govt doesn’t know. * We were told keeping deaths ‘under 20,000’ would be a success. We’ll pass that tomorrow.
how to defend against coronavirus step one: built a base 
Just because we're apart doesn’t mean we can’t find ways to connect with each other. Join me and many other Muslim Londoners by spending 
we should take AND PUSH IT coronavirus SOMEWHERE ELSE 
The Government was warned and the advice was clear -stockpile PPE -arrange further supplies -put in place procedures for contact tracing -repatriate UK citizens abroad How much of it was done? It seems  …
In a new blog post, Sagars partner @AMJ_1, shares an inside view to the Coronavirus Job Retention Scheme (CJRS). Take a look:  #accounting #COVID19 #coronavirus 
FANCY NANCY: ‘With My Signature, The Interim Coronavirus Relief Package Goes to the President’ 
Our next evidence session on the economic impact of #coronavirus is with Chief Secretary to the Treasury @SteveBarclay. Watch it live on Wednesday 29 April at 2.30pm here:  
People shouldn't be forced to choose between their health and their vote. Make sure your legislators know you support vote by mail options for this  …
Reporters took to Twitter to mock @realDonaldTrump for talking about UV light killing coronavirus instead of researching it first. AP: "Pre-clinical findings indicate the technology’s significant impact on eradicating... coronavirus." Watch how it works: 
Four-month-old daughter of NYC firefighter dies of coronavirus, family says  
Mr. Trump, stay awake nights wondering if ultraviolet light or disinfectant can cure coronavirus, but please, share your pet theories privately, instead of inflicting them on a public that desperately needs the truth. We are not interested in your musings. You are not a doctor.
"Republicans need to make clear—to Democrats and the White House alike—that not another dime will leave the government’s coffers until Congress better accounts for the programs it has already enacted"  … via @WSJ
The Administration shouldn't push USPS to raise its delivery rates. If this "idea"  a reality, it will be an exorbitant tax for rural America and cut off  from  prescriptions, and participating in our 
Twin sisters - one a nurse and the other a former nurse - die within three days of each other after testing positive for coronavirus 
President Trump is draining the Swamp. But the Swamp is fighting back. • 2016: FBI spies on campaign • 2017-2019: Mueller investigation • 2019-2020: Schiff's sham impeachment Yesterday, House Dems  to attack President on #coronavirus. When will it stop? 
Iceland have found no new cases for a whole day, the first time since the outbreak began. #Coronavirus
Maker of Lysol & Dettol issues statement instructing people not to inject or ingest its products after Trump suggested that injecting disinfectant could kill the coronavirus. 
Kentucky Poison Control Center sees an increase in calls tied to cleaners and disinfectants as families are trying to protect themselves against the coronavirus.  …
We’ve fast-tracked plans for #drones to be used to deliver vital medical supplies to the @NHSuk hospital on the Isle of Wight to help tackle #coronavirus Find out more  
Update: Today, there were 768* hospital deaths announced for those testing postive for Covid-19 to bring the daily total up to 19,506 A cautious estimate of the total number of UK excess deaths linked to coronavirus stands today at 45,200
Since the coronavirus invades our cells, living and multiplying inside them, there is no way that washing your lungs, injecting disinfectants, or drinking anything will cure or treat you. The only thing that would do is kill or severely injure you. Please, don’t listen to Trump.
From The Archives: Man Just Buying One Of Every Cleaning Product In Case Trump Announces It’s Coronavirus Cure  
If Blue sang about Coronavirus... Full video:  
Media has "irresponsibly" taken US President Donald  on injecting disinfectant to treat coronavirus "out of context", says White House  
We’ve united with 60+ orgs to call for immediate action from UK Gov to protect women & girls during #CoronavirusLockdownUK. Existing inequalities mean women will be disproportionately impacted. Pls read our asks and RT:  #MakeWomenVisible @fawcettsociety
BREAKING: The 2019/20 Eredivisie season is cancelled and there will be no champion. The Dutch league is the first of the major European leagues to be cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic. 
In the past 50 years, Vietnam managed to defeat US imperialism, beat back a Chinese invasion, end the Khmer Rouge genocide, and handle coronavirus better than any other government.
Holding a briefing with updates on #Coronavirus. Watch Live:  …
The coronavirus has an outer envelope made of fat and oil. So the best disinfectants aren’t Lysol, Clorox, or any harsh chemical that hurts your body. The best way to clean yourself is with warm water and soap, which explodes the viral envelopes and washes the dead viruses away.
At least 50,000 people have died in the US from coronavirus  
Beware of coronavirus: May be around you. Art by Shital Mulmi 
Penny Spring, our Director of Public Health has an update about the coronavirus in North Lincolnshire. It's important to follow the instructions issued by the government and to stay home and save lives.  … #DoOneThingNL
Norway looks forward to co-chair the Coronavirus Global Response Summit! We are prepared to mobilize international support for: Vaccine development and distribution Better treatments and testing #UnitedAgainstCoronavirus  
Marijuana small businesses employ more than 240,000 workers and should be allowed to access coronavirus relief funds too. My colleagues and I are pushing to ensure they’re not left out of Congress’s next relief package.
Pence says U.S. coronavirus outbreak could be over by May 25 
Feeling sick? Answer a few questions about your symptoms using Clara, CDC’s #Coronavirus Self-Checker, to help you decide if you should call your doctor:  
You can’t hide COVID-19 deaths in India. India is not China (thankfully). An early (and prolonged) lockdown is now paying dividends. India is defying global trends. The world has NEVER seen 1.3 billion people in lockdown.  …
In this phase IIb trial of 81 #COVID19 patients in Brazil randomized to high vs low-dose chloroquine (CQ) added to usual care, the higher dose was associated with higher mortality (39% vs 15%) and QTc interval prolongation (18.9% vs 11.1%)  … #Coronavirus
Think you have a bad day, look at this boy. Always be grateful to God. Coronavirus Umtiti 
Let’s put an end to rumors about #coronavirus. Don’t spread bad information! 
So apparently #healight is a thing and it does use UV light inside the body to “disinfect” it. Who knew #Trump knew  …
Number of US coronavirus deaths rises above 50,000 in world's deadliest outbreak of the disease 
Jia Zhangke has directed a new short film exploring life during coronavirus. Watch:  
The coronavirus outbreak has overwhelmed authorities in Ecuador's largest city of Guayaquil, where corpses remained in homes or on the streets for hours. More photos:  Vicente Gaibor del 
Native Americans being left out of US coronavirus data and labelled as 'other'  …
The #BrooklynNineNine writers are debating how to incorporate New York's first responders and the novel coronavirus into the next season of the  
If a #Democrat was in the White House, there would be NO NEED to "restore" our economy because he/she would have taken the warnings seriously. ThisDAMNING timeline would NEVER have happened under a Dem Prez #TheResistance #FridayThoughts  …
We’ve had a very positive response to the booking system for tests for essential workers with coronavirus symptoms. More capacity will be added as it  available.
The continuation of Sheikh Zakzaki's illegal imprisonment in Kaduna Prison following the outbreak of the Corona virus is worrying! We call on the Nigerian authorities to release the Shiite leader of Nigeria, ASAP! 
And don't miss this deeply reported new @myafrazier piece on what's happening at the huge Tyson plant in Arkansas. There's a history  …
Historians will note the tragic timing of #CoronaVirus hitting at a time when right-wing populists have taken power across the world. From Washington to Moscow to London to Rome to Delhi to Warsaw to Budapest to Brasilia, the elections of the past 5 years are having consequences
BREAKING: New University of California study finds ultraviolet LED wands prove effective in eliminating coronavirus from surfaces and, potentially, air and water.  …
These women’s self-help groups in India demonstrate the power of solidarity during crises. The myriad of ways they are  efforts against #COVID19 is 
Coronavirus is not just a health crisis — it’s an environmental justice crisis  … via @grist
Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic of Ecuador. We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators, of which we have recently manufactured many, and helping them in other ways. They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus!
Irish Green Party demands 7% emission cuts every year. That would be like a #coronavirus economy every year.  …
Collective America when #PresidentLysol suggested people should inject disinfectant to protect themselves against the #coronavirus 
UNIVERSAL CREDIT (If you’ve lost your job or  because of coronavirus, you might want to apply for Universal Credit) THREAD, by @ikeeyah_
The mayor of Osaka, Japan's third-largest city, is facing a public backlash after he suggested men are better suited to grocery shopping during the coronavirus pandemic, because women take too long and contribute to overcrowding at supermarkets. Yep, he really said that. 
Revealed: UK ministers were warned last year of risks of coronavirus pandemic  …
Lysol maker (and doctors!) remind everyone to NOT INGEST CLEANING PRODUCTS— after Trump suggests adminstrering into the body could kill Coronavirus:  
Phunware, a data firm working for Trump's re-election campaign, received $2.85 million in federal coronavirus relief— nearly 14 times the current PPP average of $206,000. Meantime, hundreds of thousands of smaller businesses got shut out.  …
When the world was preparing to fight Coronavirus, BJP's priorities were elsewhere. The result of which is an unprecedented rise in the Coronavirus cases in Gujarat which now the govt is unable to control. #BJPdestroysGujarat 
Follow our 5 steps below to get involved in #redforkeyworkers this #MayDay2020 #CoronavirusLockdown #coronavirus #keyworkers 
I will be giving my daily #Coronavirus briefing at 11:30AM ET. Watch here: 
Around 80% of all out of hospital cardiac arrests occur in the home – and that number could rise as the nation spends more time indoors. Watch our video on how to perform CPR on a loved one during 
The mayor of Japan's third-largest city is facing a public backlash after he suggested men are better suited to grocery shopping during the coronavirus pandemic, because women take too long and contribute to overcrowding at supermarkets. 
Trevor Phillips stated British Muslims are  a nation within a nation", and that Muslims are "not like us" Trevor Phillips has been tasked by @PHE_uk to investigate the impact of Coronavirus on Ethnic Minorities. This is a shameful and alarming appointment.
Meat processing plants are shutting down as hundreds of workers test positive for the coronavirus. 
Literally just 3 days ago: Aytu BioScience Signs Exclusive License with Cedars-Sinai for Potential UV Light Endotracheal Coronavirus Treatment  …
A vaccine is our best defence against #coronavirus and the is playing a leading role in efforts to develop one. 
"In early March, Mike Bowen, the executive VP of the medical mask manufacturer Prestige Ameritech, went on Steve Bannon's podcast....A month later, at the explicit request of the White House, Prestige Ameritech had a $9.5 million contract with  …
