Beware of misinformation about #2019nCoV #coronavirus on social media! The best defence against #misinformation is #factchecking and knowing your credible sources. #OutsmartEpidemics starting here:  Call 1-833-784-4397 @GovCanHealth 
#Coronavirus FAQs – 
The air pollution in Greater Bangkok and Northern Thailand is classed as “unhealthy” this morning. If the #coronavirus doesn’t get you, the PM2.5 dust will. It is advised to limit any outdoor exercise, including marathons, and wear a N95 smog mask #BangkokSmog 
President Trump Signs Order on Travel Ban Due to CoronaVirus (VIDEO)  …
This cruise ship was put on lockdown after a passenger showed signs of coronavirus, leaving nearly 7,000 people trapped on board 
The spread of the coronavirus is sparking racism and xenophobia among some people. #coronoravirus  
Cases of coronavirus today in Spain, Italy, Sweden, and Russia. Almost 12,000 confirmed infected. #Coronavirus
Anti-vaxxers using the coronavirus as an excuse to be anti-Chinese when they don’t even get the flu shot to protect their own children is peak irony.
Coronavirus seems to be a fun prank that a government lab is playing on us to make the winter less boring!
Then, today we get this coverage by @zerohedge (thanks for the heads up @PoliticalOrgy). Coronavirus Contains "HIV Insertions", Stoking Fears Over Artificially Created Bioweapon  …
I’ve reached out to Twitter for clarity on this but it looks like ZeroHedge may have been suspended following my piece about them doxing a Chinese scientist and accusing him of weaponizing the #coronavirus  
Today a bunch of high-profile Twitter users started spreading an unfounded conspiracy theory about the #coronavirus somehow being engineered. @d_samorodnitsky thought something smelled fishy, and did the work to debunk 
Instagram is now redirecting users to *factual* information when they’re searching for absurd coronavirus conspiracies. Excellent move. So, it’s algorithmically possible. Why the hell can’t you do this for all high-impact/promoted misinformation (eg: in political advertising) 
Heard an unconfirmed report about a Twitter account suspended due to posting misinformation about coronavirus, not sure if this was it  …
Fears of the deadly coronavirus have fueled xenophobia and anti-China sentiment abroad 
OPEC, Russia could meet to discuss emergency cuts as coronavirus crushes oil price 
I talked about this in our podcast this morning. A lot of interesting connections in this web. China repurposes AbbVie HIV drug as Big Pharma rallies  deadly coronavirus  …
BOOM! Coronavirus Contains "HIV Insertions", Stoking Fears Over Artificially Created Bioweapon | Zero Hedge  …
You know what's mean? Going after 8 whistleblowers for spreading "fake news" about the coronavirus and it turned out they were doctors telling the truth.  …
[RTRS] 31 Jan - CHINA'S TIANJIN CITY SAYS ALL SCHOOLS, NON-ESSENTIAL COMPANIES WILL REMAIN CLOSED UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE TO CURB CORONAVIRUS - STATE MEDIA that means closed until March
i can cure your coronavirus  …
[Recap] Coronavirus: a product of China’s food safety, healthcare and politics  … #China #HongKong 
The streets of the Chinese city of Wuhan now resemble a horror movie as the deadly coronavirus spreads and claims new victims. Warning: Distressing. Full story:  : Hector 
A sick Chinese passenger prompted a 12-hour lockdown of a cruise ship with 7,000 people on board. Everyone was released after tests returned negative for coronavirus  
For doctors and thinkers only, not DOH or Bong Go, a German study on how the coronavirus spreads, courtesty of @ibrsalazar  …
Coronavirus Contains "HIV Insertions", Stoking Fears Over Artificially Created Bioweapon | Zero Hedge  …
Have questions about the #coronavirus? Our neighborhood scientists are ready to arm you with facts. Join the discussion in r/AskScience: 
#US 7th confirmed #coronavirus case Santa Clara Co. #CA -a man fell ill following 1/24 return from #Wuhan -man self-isolated at his residence, leaving home 2x to seek medical care. -officials contacting individuals who may  into contact w/  …
WHY ARE FLIGHTS STILL LEAVING CHINA AND PEOPLE NOT BEING QUARANTINED FROM THEM.. infecting people like it’s not a fucking issue.. #coronavirus 
Liberals are ate up with racism and they can't see it. CNN Is Angry That Too Many White People Are Trying To Stop The Coronavirus Spreading  …
Take this with a grain of salt Wait for confirmation about this coronavirus being "engineered" But keep in mind the city where it started is home to two level 4 bio-warfare laboratories run by the Chinese military Don't freak out but PLAN ACCORDINGLY  …
He’s scared. That aggression at the end is all about despair at the quicksand that they are in with Brexit. Forget coronavirus Brexit is Ebola and they know it. #ReleaseTheRussiaReport #RejoinEU #CummingsIsDefective
Social media influencers are facing criticism for using the coronavirus as a “trend” to promote themselves on social media. READ MORE:  
The most recent post on ZeroHedge claims that HIV strands have been found in the genetic material of the coronavirus. It has well over 100,000 views. 
I was in no doubt Coronavirus  to the UK, it's inhabited with people like this. 
They got suspended for their Coronavirus/HIV connection. China didn't like that.
As news of the #Wuhan #coronavirus continues to evolve, AMA Board of Trustees Chair @DoctorJesseMD shares three key points for physicians to know. Mentioned in the video: @CDCgov interim guidance:  @JAMA_current:  
Good News Infected patient fully recover from Coronavirus. 
The Dow and the wider stock market fell sharply on Friday, as fears about the economic impact of the coronavirus took hold. The index fell as much as 690 points, ending the day down 603 points, or 2.1%. It was biggest one-day drop since August. 
EXCLUSIVE: The Great Vice President of the United States, @Mike_Pence, joined The Charlie Kirk Show this week to talk Impeachment, Coronavirus, and Bernie Sanders Hear his thoughts on all of that and much more Only by subscribing TODAY:  
"there is not much diversity in the viruses analyzed, which suggests that coronavirus 2019-nCoV did not need to mutate in order to adapt and spread," continues Vincent Enouf"  …
For someone who doesn’t smoke weed that fact that I’ve been in Miami less than 24 hours and I feel like I’ve been stoned 4 times is remarkable. Need one of those coronavirus masks so I can breathe
For me, what really revealed the Nats were just playing politics on coronavirus was when Woodhouse released a list of things the govt ought to be doing, and it was basically all stuff that was being done.  …
THE CORONAVIRUS IS NOT AN EXCUSE TO BE RACIST THE CORONAVIRUS IS NOT AN EXCUSE TO BE RACIST THE CORONAVIRUS IS NOT AN EXCUSE TO BE RACIST THE CORONAVIRUS IS NOT AN EXCUSE TO BE RACIST
Coronavirus panic incites racism against Chinese people and their diets 
Where did this coronavirus outbreak start? Was it the seafood market? What do bats have to do with it? Scientists are mining nCoV's genome for clues--and trying to dispel conspiracy theories and shaky assertions.  
. @seanwhelanRTE has handed in a transfer request to travel to Wuhan and report on the Coronavirus  …
rt only if you dont got coronavirus
Guys, We believe say e dey very wrong to crack jokes with coronavirus as many people don die from that virus. No dey encourage people wey dey crack coronavirus jokes about Ighalo.
The #coronavirus panic is reigniting old strains of racism and xenophobia that frame Chinese people as uncivilized, barbaric “others," writes @eater reporter @jennygzhang. 
There is no reason to panic about the coronavirus. Here's why:  
The top infectious disease doctor in the United States says a new study published Thursday night shows people can spread the Wuhan coronavirus before symptoms set in. 
Audrey Young rips into the Nats’ decision to play politics with coronavirus. “A crisis does not need a  from the Opposition or spokesmen pretending to be minsiters.”  
"I have today declared that the coronavirus presents a public health emergency in the United States," Health Secretary Alex Azar said  by @IssamAhmed
There have been more than 9,800 cases of Wuhan coronavirus globally as of Friday afternoon  
The Trump administration declared a public health emergency over the coronavirus outbreak and said it would take the extraordinary step of barring entry to the United States of foreign nationals who have recently traveled to China  
"Coronavirus Contains "HIV Insertions", Stoking Fears Over Artificially Created Bioweapon" Have you folks seen this? @Zerohedge got suspended for posting it, which tells me it must have some fact to it. CC: @JackPosobiec @pamellalala  …
“The processing time for identifying if a patient is positive for the deadly novel coronavirus will be shorter, thanks to the confirmatory test kits that have arrived in the country.” Bad news for the #OustDuterte movement.  …
the coronavirus is not an excuse to be racist! 
WTF? Why doesn’t twitter allow discussion of the CORONAVIRUS & shocking results from India that suggest HIV has been inserted into this strain of the virus!  …
Corona beer changes it's name to avoid association with the corona virus outbreak #coronavirus 
Holy shit zerohedge suspended immediately after posting the articles/links about Coronavirus being manufactured by China...CCP censorship team must have a direct line to Jack's office 
NHS England's Coronavirus response team were enthusiastic, but lacked expertise.  …
Santa Clara Co. health officials say the man who tested positive for #coronavirus has been self-isolating since he returned from a trip to Wuhan and Shanghai on Jan. 24 and  into contact with few people since he's been home. 
Brexit. Impeachment. Coronavirus. Kobe. IA caucuses. It's been an intense news week with more  Take care of each other, journalists! 
coronavirus is in santa clara county now.. ami are we still going to the santa clara concert- 
THIS WEEK —Impeachment trial —No witnesses —Bolton bombsells —J.Kelly —BREXIT —Travel bans —Coronavirus —China —SCOTUS TrumpTax —RIP Kobe —WaPo —D.Collins —Trump DSM —IOWA —Bernie —DNC rules —Immigrant $test —Pompeo/NPR —MidEast peace plan —BuzzFeed shakeup —$1T deficit
goodbye eu what a fucking way to start the year: • australia is still on fire • trump nearly started ww3 • kobe passed away • the coronavirus is straight vibing • and now britain is royally screwed  to the apocalypse guys
Whoa, has anyone noticed that coronavirus and Corona beer have the same root word (corona)?
@zerohedge account suspended after news on coronavirus / HIV potental hoax, even if based on real Indian doctors research not yet perr reviewed
University of California system suspends all nonessential travel to China due to coronavirus  …
Breaking: ClinChem just published research on two new tests that accurately diagnose #coronavirus infection in about 1 hour. 
Calling the coronavirus "the coronavirus" is like referring to everyone you meet as "the person"  …
Convo with GP this morning: Me: Do you think Christmas Island had medical facilities to cope with coronavirus? [laughs]. No! Health minister Hunt says quarantine was detention centre's original purpose. [laughs]. It wasn't. Wldn't trust anything Hunt says.
Are you the coronavirus because you could ruin my life anyday
Congratulations to Ighalo on being the first Nigerian to play for Man U. I just hate that he will be the first player to have #coronavirus test included in his medical.
CORONAVIRUS IS IN SANTA CLARA COUNTY AND THE BTS SHOW IM GOING TO IS IN SANTA CLARA 
The coronavirus in two months has sickened thousands in China and reached more than a dozen countries. Here's a look at how it spread. 
Coronavirus Update: Virginia Department of Health Announces Northern Region Patient Under Investigation Tests Negative for Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV). There are no confirmed cases of Novel Coronavirus in Virginia at this time. #coronavirus #2019nCoV 
#Coronavirus vaccine will take months: biotech exec 
Mums in the north shore putting facemasks on their kids to protect them from coronavirus at brunch while having an in depth chat about how paw paw ointment works better than vaccines as a defense against measles.
Overloaded news cycle: Coronavirus emergency.... Stock mkt drop Dramatic expansion of travel ban Brexit Iowa caucuses Super Bowl Impeachment votes Weinstein testicles And this —->  …
Sad. Coronavirus - Cats and dogs ‘thrown from tower blocks’ in China after fake news rumors animals are causing spread  …
Public Health Emergency Declared Over Coronavirus Outbreak  … 
Nihilists are having a banner day: The removal of the British flag from the European Council, The death of democracy in the United States, The Dow Jones sank 600 points, all while the Coronavirus has been declared an international emergency. Smoke 'em if you got 'em.
"According to CNN, the real concern about the coronavirus is not the potential for a global pandemic, it’s the fact there are too many white people trying to stop it."  
SOTU is F ed Coronavirus 64 brain injuries from Iran after assassination of sovereign state’s general Betrayal of Kurd allies Planet burning and suffering extreme weather The wealthy richer while farmers bankrupt Healthcare, drugs still expensive No Election sec funding
A local hospital in Denver, Colorado is preparing for the coronavirus. CGTN’s Hendrik Sybrandy takes us inside. #coronavirus  
It isn't just the Coronavirus causing this.  …
Breaking News #Coronavirus Update 01/02/2020: The virus is now have 11213 infected and 259 deaths. I have no words. Pray for everyone in #China include my family 
The latest roundup of misinformation about the coronavirus debunked by  …
I dont know if it's true but this video of drones in China giving voice demands to people to put on their masks or go home is scary! #WuhanCoronavirus #coronavirus #FridayThoughts 
There’s another virus stalking the U.S., it has the same symptoms as the coronavirus and it’s already killed 10,000 people 
BREAKING: China virus death toll rises to 258 with 45 new fatalities, government says | via @AFP #coronavirus 
BREAKING: China virus death toll rises to 258 with 45 new fatalities, government says | via @AFP #coronavirus 
Fijians on the TL, especially those trigger happy ones. When you post about the #Coronavirus without proper verification (only journalists know how to do that) from the actual authorities or medics you’re little more than a gossip. Virus Rumour mongering is dangerous. STOP IT!  …
While the #coronavirus spreads, we must continue to take necessary steps to address this global health crisis & protect Americans. @StateDept should halt any new visa approvals in #China until the outbreak is  …
Dr. Hatfill: How a nation does against a #pandemic depends on how prepared local authorities are It's from the grassroots up. If a local authority can handle a pandemic, the nation can handle it #coronavirus  Listen & watch 
We are happy to announce, as @TurkKizilay, our decision to contribute to @IFRC Emergency Appeal, supporting its membership, to prepare and respond  at risk or affected by the novel #coronavirus  …
"They think they can let fireworks off near my house?! Get me the first player who may have that coronavirus on the next plane to Manchester, he's on a season long loan. Don't give a toss who it is, just get him here to wipe these bastards out!" 
LATEST: Odion Ighalo will not face quarantine on arrival into UK from Shanghai to join Manchester United. Public Health England guidance on coronavirus:  … #MUFC #SSN
How is coronavirus produced? I don't think it should be brought by bats! 
The US will bar entry to foreign nationals who have been in mainland #China in the past 14 days, in a ramp-up of efforts to stem the spread of the #Coronavirus. The temporary ban won't apply to the immediate family of US citizens or permanent residents.  …
Hahaha! BBC reporting the imminent UK departure from the UK from the EU as if it were Coronavirus! #Brexit They just CANNOT disguise their contempt for the will of the British people1
Bring on the coronavirus  …
as I mention in the segment the coronavirus may very well cause streaming viewership and gaming time to go up in China as more people are stuck indoors, but discussing mega corporations increase their value while people are sick and dying is absurd
BTW...for all of you that like Amazon, Ebay, etc. Most of  from China...'cept it isn't because of this coronavirus...just sayin'... 
Good information before y'all start diagnosing everybody with #coronavirus  …
 the media are SILENT on the fact that China’s only Level 4 BIOLOGICAL WEAPONS LABORATORY is located in Wuhan, where the #coronavirus started? I guess that don’t want to “offend” the Chinese government. #auspol  …
instead of being ignorant bout dis coronavirus be safe and educate urself !
Number of confirmed #Coronavirus cases worldwide now stands at 11,301 with 258 confirmed fatalities.
. @AwayDays_ Coronavirus fans (Away) at the Wirral. 
Can Pets Contract Coronavirus?: Vet Advice on Dog Face Masks and How the Outbreak Affects Pets 
a guy with weakened immune system discusses the coronavirus virus with his mom 
Giroud Jovic + Cavani available & man are shopping in China! Coronavirus got everything reduced to clear Ed couldn’t pass it up #MUFC
UPDATE 31-01-2020 EUROPE: Today Europe has seen six new cases of the #coronavirus: Germany: 7 (+2) France: 6 (-) United Kingdom: 2 (+2) Italy: 2 (-) Sweden: 1 (+1) Spain: 1 (+1) Finland: 1 (-) Total: 20 (+6) 
All three major U.S. airlines announced the cancellation of flights to mainland China after the U.S. State Department elevated a travel advisory over concerns about the coronavirus  
HOW TO PREVENT #CORONAVIRUS RT TO SPREAD THE WORD 
I now understand why Manchester United went for Idion Ighalo Man  from China so no defender will go close to him for him to be infected with the coronavirus. Hence he’ll be able to score goals with ease Ole, looking for easy wins. I Stan!
Coronavirus Contains "HIV Insertions", Stoking Fears Over Artificially Created Bioweapon | Zero Hedge  …
1/31 #Coronavirus Update: 11,301 Cases 258 fatalities US has suspended all flights from US to China Canadian Public Health Officials are leading the way in helping to stop the spread of "Racism" Protecting Canadians from coronavirus? Not a priority   …
Here’s what @CPC_HQ  this week: Have the AG audit the Liberal infrastructure plan Pressured Trudeau to give Taiwan observer status in the WHO during the outbreak of the coronavirus Forced the Liberals to be transparent in how they waste YOUR 
Will you be golfing at Mar-a-Loco while 'monitoring' the coronavirus? 
#CoronaVirus declared emergency in US! President of United States, @realDonaldTrump signed a proclamation declaring any foreign nationals, other than immediate family of US citizens+permanent residents who traveled in China last 14 days are denied 
People need to see Ole for the genius he is and start giving him respect. Signs Ighalo from China, brings over coronavirus with him, half the league  infected and has to be cancelled therefore stopping Liverpool winning the league.OLES AT THE WHEEL! #ManUtd
Spain's first case of coronavirus is someone who had contact with one of the cases in Germany  …
Goodnight. Are you gonna say it back or catch coronavirus 
HE JUST CAME FROM CHINA AND HE ISNT GETTING A MEDICAL NAH WTF CORONAVIRUS WRITTEN ALL OVER IT  …
Over 20 countries confirms cases of coronavirus IRAN: Dadash Hanooz Mano Nagerefteh
The first case of Coronavirus has been reported in San Francisco... Thank God it's a totally sanitary town that isn't covered in poop and syringes or else this could get really bad.
The World Health Organisation has identified 13 high- risk African countries for coronavirus. Algeria Angola Ivory Coast DR Congo Ethiopia Ghana Kenya Mauritius Nigeria South Africa Tanzania Uganda Zambia We all have to be alert. Please watch over yourself and your loved ones.
@lifebiomedguru broke the story yesterday to scores of people, that ‘19 CV was NOT a wild virus. He explains here on @HighWireTalk's broadcast: CORONAVIRUS: WHAT THEY AREN’T TELLING YOU. | We need to ask why the WHO didn’t disclose? Is it  …
Update on Coronavirus 2 confirmed cases in U.K U.S declares public health emergency & will quarantine those returning from Wuhan (who have been in Wuhan in the last 2 weeks) for 2 weeks. China deaths - now over 200 [ scroll down my TL for prev posts on the coronavirus ]
Coronavirus panic is not an excuse to spread racist memes 
Scientists in China have reportedly developed an express test which can detect 2019-nCoV novel #coronavirus in under 15 minutes, in a major breakthrough which will hopefully help stem the tide of infection MORE:  
Popular Youtube channel apologizes after pulling a Coronavirus hidden camera prank  
Some lady at Disney just came up to my family and said thanks for spreading the coronavirus?? Even at the happiest place?? Fuck.
JUST IN: China's death toll from coronavirus has risen to at least 257 after Hubei province reported 45 people died on Friday alone 
BREAKING: Spain confirms first case of coronavirus
Chinese Officials Get Preventive Treatment for Coronavirus, While Ordinary Citizens Are Turned Away by Hospitals  …
The U.S. declares public health emergency over coronavirus and will deny entry to foreign nationals who have been in China 
BREAKING: The number of confirmed coronavirus cases has passed ten thousand, as deaths rise to 258.
I’m hearing about multiple #coronavirus cases in LA area. (Unconfirmed) Less than 10 but it’s here... we must take drastic action if we’re going to stop this virus. #China has caused a huge problem for the world.
“Thank you Epoch Times for your help saving my mom.” #Toronto resident Jason Wang, whose elderly mother has contracted the #Coronavirus in #Wuhan, says she is finally receiving care at a hospital thanks to @EpochTimes’ reporting on her  …
Breaking: There are now over 11,300 confirmed cases of coronavirus across the world. The death toll from the virus has risen to 258.
HERE WE GOOOOO! NIGERIAN R9 ON HIS WAY TO THE THEATRE COMING WITH THE CORONAVIRUS SO DEFENDERS WON’T GET NEAR HIM! GENERATIONAL
Based on statistics... 130 people will die in America today from an opioid overdose. 40 people will die in America today from being shot to death. There are 7 confirmed cases of Coronavirus in the US. It’s been declared a public health emergency.
#coronavirus #武汉肺炎 The supplies from the whole world are on the street, Wuhan's Red Cross said that there is no space for them. Meanwhile, hospitals lack of 
Nigerian Prince. Coronavirus in his veins. Coughs on markers. Chinese league R9. AFCON legend. Straight outta Quarantine. Prem ain’t ready. Defenders have families. African Gunman.
#OustDuterte Duterte has murdered 32,000 of his citizens now he plans to kill more through his lack of leadership on coronavirus
Confirmed #coronavirus cases in #Xinjiang highlight the ongoing humanitarian crisis for Uyghurs. The 1+ million detained in camps cannot take basic precautions against the spread of the disease. #China should immediately release those detained.  …
Americans Need to relax about the #Coronavirus. Just sit back and drink yourself a corona because of right now it’s not an emergency to the American people.  
43. Zero Hedge, a pro-Trump website, has doxxed a Chinese scientist it falsely connected to the spread of coronavirus. The site is trying to portray the virus as a real-life Resident Evil scenario. That's far from the truth, @broderick  …
Apparently the coronavirus has reached Europe but it’s calm because the UK leaves Europe today 
BREAKING: Coronavirus death toll rises to 257
Elizabeth Warren Points Blame for Disease Outbreaks Like Coronavirus at Trump, Climate Change  …
BREAKING: 45 new coronavirus deaths in China
The CDC has confirmed the seventh case of the Coronavirus in the United States in a man who tested positive in Santa Clara County in the CA Bay Area-this is the third case in California.  …
BREAKING: Epicenter of coronavirus outbreak reports 1,347 new cases and 45 new deaths  …
Coronavirus trying to find good lighting under the microscope:  …
Did @NickJFuentes predict the #CoronaVirus outbreak back in December 2019? 
Epoch Times Reporting Helped Mother Finally Receive Care in Wuhan for Coronavirus, Toronto Man Says  …
BREAKING: 7th U.S. coronavirus case confirmed by CDC in California 
Health officials say a man in Santa Clara County has tested positive for coronavirus, the first confirmed case in Northern California.  …
Trump bans foreign nationals who traveled to China from entering US on coronavirus fears  
Scientists post dodgy-looking preprint that heavily implies the new coronavirus might have been engineered by humans (because it shares some features with HIV). It appears to have been debunked almost immediately.  …
"Coronavirus" surpasses 10,000 PURE infections,  one of the BIGGEST modern viruses in history. 
Also not to put too utilitarian a point on this, but if there is a coronavirus pandemic, you're gonna do our flu-fighting, life-saving, resource-limited healthcare system a HUGE solid by not getting hospitalized for seasonal flus that existing vaccines can protect you from.
Separate from the *content* of the coronavirus travel controls, it is puzzling that no federal agency put up the info coincident w the announcement. I can’t find it on the CDC, HHS or WH sites. This seems not-best practice for wanting  public health/decrease panic?
Scenes when the Coronavirus prevents the Ighalo move somehow. "The Coronavirus is the only thing that stopped us signing a former Watford player from China. That shows we're going places."
WATCH LIVE: Officials in Santa Clara County discuss the first Bay Area case of #coronavirus   …
As the WHO declares coronavirus a global public health emergency, here’s our salute to all those working hard to keep Canadians informed and safe, including Health Minister @PattyHajdu and Chief Public Health Officer ( @CPHO_Canada) Dr. Theresa Tam and their teams. 
Good bye EU, Hello Coronavirus
FLASH: Seventh U.S. Coronavirus Case Confirmed in Bay Area 
The Bee Explains: Coronavirus 
“Mr. President, are we fully prepared for the 2019 novel coronavirus?” What do you think TP? Its been 2-4 days since the confirmed NCOV had been reported and NO clear statement yet from your president. Is he really for the people’s WELFARE? ⁦  …
I think the unknown about the coronavirus freaks people out, but there's also not much you can really do about it at the moment, whereas there is much more ever-present boring killer flu that is everywhere and which can absolutely save lives just by going and getting a flu shot.
This fucking coronavirus it’s scaring tf out of me !
Delta, United, and American all suspending flights between U.S. and China due to Coronavirus crisis:  
#NYC health officials investigating potential #coronavirus case in #Queens #NewYork A person who recently traveled to #NewYorkCity from #China is being tested for possible coronavirus at Elmhurst General Hospital #CoronavirusOutbreak #Virus  … via @nypost
I obtained video from National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases of researchers working on a vaccine for the Coronavirus. Dr. Kizzmekia Corbet says it will be one year before we can get a coronavirus vaccine licensed for general use. #Coronavirus 
CDC director says risk to U.S. public from coronavirus is low  
Apologies everyone I've made a mistake, ighalo isn't in UK but he did fly out of China yesterday. Hearing it was Dubai. His insta story yesterday he was on a plane too. He will be delayed an introduction to the squad due to the coronavirus.
Just deleted the coronavirus You’re  
Senate impeachment abuse also must be shut down so Senate and rest of Congress can back to work-such as helping @RealDonaldTrump deal with #coronavirus crisis. Impeachment abuse is placing Constitution and the public health at risk! #StoptheCoup. @LouDobbs   …
Coronavirus is the umbrella term for a group of viruses.  cold is a coronavirus and then you have more severe viruses that fall under that umbrella too like SARS and the outbreak we have now. Not everything is a conspiracy.  …
Wow, @Instagram doesn’t believe that anti-Asian coronavirus jokes break  guidelines. As a matter of fact, it doesn’t even have “racist” as a choice when reporting. At least @twitter has this. This is such a shame.
Has Trump blamed the coronavirus on Joe or Hunter Biden yet?
More than 200 people have died from a new #coronavirus following an outbreak in the central city of Wuhan, China. While symptoms of the disease have been traced back to December 8, China started reporting the numbers only on December 31  
HHS' Alex Azar ( @SecAzar) declares the Coronavirus a public health emergency. Azar adds: "I want to stress, the risk to Americans for infection remains low" Watch full WH briefing --  
Al Qaeda Leader Killed You really have to love this...in the midst of impeachment, fears of coronavirus and all the other things dominating headlines America still keeping the world safe.  …
Donald Trump Levels Travel Ban Against Foreign Travelers from China to Block Coronavirus 
Coronavirus has hit Santa Clara county. It’s been fun guys. 
Airlines suspend China flights due to coronavirus  
Brexit day, tax day, Trump gets off impeachment day,  to UK day...fuck me...
News: Today, @SecAzar signed a public health emergency declaration in response to the 2019 Novel #Coronavirus outbreak.  …
President Trump Signs Order on Travel Ban Due to CoronaVirus (VIDEO)  
#BREAKING Bay Area's 1st case of #coronavirus is confirmed in Santa Clara County, @CDCgov 
President Trump boarding the helicopter with the First Lady as he heads to Florida. He didn't answer shouted questions on impeachment, the Coronavirus, etc. 
Bay Area's 1st #coronavirus case confirmed in Santa Clara County. There are zero cases of novel coronavirus in SF right now, but you can still practice these tips to keep yourself and others healthy. Get the facts from CDC:  
Don't worry about the coronavirus right now. Worry about the flu, which has killed ~10,000 Americans since October. “The likelihood of an American being killed by the  to being killed by the coronavirus is probably approaching infinity.”  …
"The fact that we've signed someone from China who doesn't have the coronavirus shows how far  as a club". 
Today in high school: We’re discussing the Coronavirus and a child yells out, “My dad drinks those”. Me: 
The racist coronavirus jokes ain’t it. It’s truly sickening to see these things across platforms and in places where they can’t be easily reported. Props to twitter for allowing these to be flagged and tweets removed.
Mask or no mask: China has been pushing mask manufacturers to increase the output to satisfy demand amid the #coronavirus outbreak but conflicting advice is emerging on whether a mask should be worn  
Twenty #coronavirus-infected patients, aged 15 to 64, are cured and released from #Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital on Friday. This is the largest number of recovered patients discharged at one time since the epidemic 
Strategies to prevent entry of #coronavirus into U.S. are smart critical steps. But we should also work from posture that assumes some index cases already arrived undetected and virus now circulating. Key to limiting outbreaks will be broadening screening guidance to physicians.
"Only way the Ighalo deal makes sense is if he caught Coronavirus in Shanghai. Woodward looking to decimate the squad to expedite the rebuild" 
An Asian-looking child chased around the schoolyard by kids so he can be "tested" for Coronavirus? Scratch our civilised surface, and there's so often xenophobia right underneath. My #weekendreads out today:  
US Bars Entry to Travelers Who Have Recently Been in China Over Coronavirus Outbreak. The temporary ban will not apply to the immediate family of U.S. citizens or permanent residents and will take effect at 5 p.m. EST on Sunday, U.S. Secretary of Health  …
US declares public health emergency over coronavirus:  Starting Sunday at 5 p.m. ET, all passengers on flights to the US who have been in Hubei province in China in the last 14 days will be subject to up to 14 days of quarantine.
#BREAKING: Coronavirus case in Santa Clara County is Bay Area's first  
#BREAKING: Health officials have confirmed the first case of Coronavirus in the Bay Area. A man has tested positive for the virus in Santa Clara County. 
NEW: US declares public health emergency over coronavirus:  Starting Sunday at 5 p.m. ET, all passengers on flights to the US who have been in Hubei province in China in the last 14 days will be subject to up to 14 days of quarantine.
Only way the Ighalo deal makes sense is if he caught Coronavirus in Shanghai. Woodward looking to decimate the squad to expedite the rebuild.
 It's actually real. The dunderheads at @CNN worrying about diversity in relation to the coronavirus response. Shove the diversity up your ass, CNN, worrying about bat soup civil rights is not going to stop contagion.
The first reported case of the coronavirus in the Bay Area has been diagnosed in Santa Clara County. 
A timeline of how the Wuhan coronavirus has spread—and how the world has reacted 
#BREAKING: A man in Santa Clara County has tested positive for the new coronavirus, according to the Santa Clara County Public Health Department.  
Jollof R9. Came from China. Told he had no chance. Dripping in coronavirus. Defenders have families. Killer. Winner. Baller. Premier League ain’t ready. Title charge. Ighalo SZN 
Central American countries limit entry from China to fight coronavirus  
BREAKING: US confirms seventh case of coronavirus
Should all flights from China to Australia be banned until the #coronavirus outbreak is under control? 
NEW: California reports another case of coronavirus, 7th in the U.S.  …
January, 2020: - Coronavirus - Qassem Soleimani killed - Brexit - Iran shoots down Ukrainian plane - Kobe Bryant dies - Natural disasters: Australia, Brazil, Indonesia, Turkey, India, Pakistan - Trump impeachment trial - Middle East peace plan - Libya and Syria conflicts
Not a Joke: CNN Complains That Trump's Coronavirus Task Force Lacks Diversity  …
i would rather get coronavirus
Singapore’s decision on arrivals from China contrasts strongly to Australia’s. The Australian Government is not acting prudently in continuing to allow the free flow of flights from China, where the #coronavirus is far from under control  …
Sweden confirmed its 1st case of coronavirus today  …
#BREAKING: Bay Area's 1st case of #coronavirus confirmed in Santa Clara Co., health officials say  …
#NEW: US declares #Coronavirus public health emergency: - bars entry to foreign nationals (exc family of US citizens and PR) who have been in China in past 14 days - mandatory 14-day quarantine for US citizens who have been in Hubei in last 14 days  …
Woman who initially tested negative now has Ontario's third confirmed case of novel coronavirus  
BREAKING: Secretary of Health declares public health emergency in the United States at a White House press briefing on coronavirus. 
#Coronavirus is spreading as quickly as Spanish flu, which infected ~500 Million. And the #CCP is likely under-reporting cases. W/out reliable info, a pro-active response is needed. Quarantine is a good 1st step,  …
BREAKING: Germany confirms seventh coronavirus case
#NEW on @OANN: The Trump administration declares the coronavirus a public health emergency in the U.S. The president signed an order banning foreign nationals from entering the U.S. if they have traveled to China within the past two weeks. Watch OANN for updates on the illness.
9,700 cases of CoronaVirus in China with 200+ Deaths now... 22 Countries have now confirmed 132 cases in those countries. 12 Individuals Confirmed who DID NOT Travel to China...
Trump admin officials sound confident that Coronavirus poses a low risk for Americans. But officials conceded testing for the virus is not reliable. You can test negative and still have it.
BREAKING: US bans entry of foreign nationals who pose risk of transmitting coronavirus
you are exponentially more likely to *die of the flu* than you are to contract coronavirus
BREAKING: The US declares public health emergency over coronavirus
20 patients were discharged from the hospital in Wuhan on Friday, recovering from the novel #coronavirus. 
The United States is "temporarily suspending the entry into the United States of foreign nationals who pose a risk of transmitting the 2019 novel coronavirus," HHS Secretary Alex Azar said. The ban will be in effect beginning at 5 p.m. ET Sunday. 
Foreign nationals who travelled to China in the past two weeks banned entry to United States reports AFP news agency. #Coronavirus
Are you tired of winning? Its policy after policy of a @realDonaldTrump Win! When you stack them up it starts to build a financial national security defense for heading into the election . Even with Coronavirus outbreak that will leans us off China manufacturing! 
Huge shout out @Twitter for helping fight the spread of misinformation about the novel #coronavirus. There are great sources of reliable information such as @GovCanHealth @ONThealth and local health partners.  
A friend just called to tell me he is headed to Singapore tomorrow and is worried about the Coronavirus, I reminded him he played rugby at LSU so he cannot be killed by conventional disease.
President Trump has issued a travel ban and quarantine period for  from China... due to the CoronaVirus... How long before the Democrats fight it?
So, where does this leave us? Today, Pulitzer Prize-winner @Laurie_Garrett published a damning piece on @ForeignPolicy's website: "Trump Has Sabotaged America’s Coronavirus Response." 
This is what’s gonna cure the coronavirus  …
Ighalo's agent Atta Aneke gueststars in the article linked above. The loan fee will cost up to £4m, for a player who has no known UK arrival date due to the coronavirus outbreak. He'll be available for just 13 weeks of the season, meaning the fee&wages could run to £400,000 p/w
Solskjær has a plan... Sign Ighalo from China Sparks an outbreak of the coronavirus Football is suspended in the UK Liverpool don’t win the Premier League 
Since no main-line treatment for coronavirus exists I will just point out that lobelia and chamomile are near-universally acclaimed within centuries of herbal medicine for respiratory ailments and general infection.
The  Morrison’s climate action failure and lack of preparation for the bushfire crisis to a failure to protect Australians from an infectious disease outbreak  true for coronavirus. He is not fit to be PM. His rabble govt are dangerously 
Declaring public health emergency over #coronavirus outbreak, US imposing temporary ban on entry for foreign nationals who visited #China in last 14 days. Americans returning from mainland China subject to health screening and up to 14 days quarantine.
Breaking News: The U.S. temporarily barred foreigners who visited China, as markets had their worst day in months over coronavirus fears 
India bans export of protective masks, clothing amid coronavirus outbreak  
Indian scientists: "The virus may not be natural" Indian scientists have found HIV (AIDS) virus-like additions that are not found in any other coronavirus in the 2019-nCov virus. This points to the possibility of the new type of coronavirus being designed. #coronavirus 
All 195 American passengers evacuated from #Wuhan on a charter flight will be #Quarantined in #California, to evaluate whether they have contracted the deadly new strain of #Coronavirus, US federal #Health authorities said on Jan.  …
Brexit and Ighalo on loan on the same day. I'm off to inject Coronavirus into my veins
JUST IN: The Wuhan coronavirus is now a public health emergency in the United States, Alex Azar, secretary of the US Department of Health and Human Services, announced at a White House press briefing 
First US #nCoV2019 patient treated with #remdesivir. Hard to wrap your mind around the fact that your pipetting may have helped save a human life #coronavirus  …
This flu season has killed 10,000 Americans. Coronavirus hasn’t killed anyone in the US. my latest:  …
 coronavirus, U.S. to deny entry to foreign nationals who recently visited China and quarantine returning Americans  …
Imam's advice on the Coronavirus. 
This tweet was sent as administration officials are in the briefing room talking about the preparations to contain the coronavirus  …
The United States declares a national public health emergency over coronavirus Now we're waiting on the nat'l public health declaration over TDS
The US has reportedly issued a temporary travel ban related to novel coronavirus. This appears to be a broad sweeping ban, based on travel history not nationality, and likely to be considered by @WHO (and China) an unnecessary interference with international travel and  …
1.) Our Shaykh Dr. @abdulahaldafiri حفظه الله was asked today in @Mpubs Weekly QA about saying the #coronavirus is a punishment from Allāh to China for their oppression of the #Uyghurs and he said we cannot say for certainty that it is however what we do know for certainty...
dont worry, racist xenophobe ken cuccinelli is one of the people leading the us response to the coronavirus 
Mike makes me so sick OMG. Forget the ick I’ve caught coronavirus watching him #LoveIsland
President @realDonaldTrump is taking measured and decisive action to protect the American people against #coronavirus. The current risk to the American public is low. As the Task Force  we are pausing travel activities to keep it that way.
#BREAKING: The White House declares the coronavirus a public health emergency. It willl ban any foreign national from entering the U.S. if they pose a transmission risk.
JUST IN: The U.S. has declared coronavirus a public health emergency, Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar said. Azar said this allows the government to take temporary measures to contain the spread of the virus, which so far has been confirmed in six people in the U.S.
A Pro-Trump Blog Has Doxed A Chinese Scientist It Falsely Accused Of Creating The #Coronavirus As A Bioweapon  
First Case of 2019 Novel Coronavirus in the United States | NEJM -faeces tested positive.  …
#BREAKING: HHS Secretary Alex Azar declares a public health emergency in the U.S. amid the novel coronavirus outbreak: (1/2) *Starting 5pm on Sunday any American  in from Hubei Provence will be put in quarantine for 14 days
Dow plummets 600 points in worst day since August as coronavirus fears grow Tesla closes at $650. New all time high.  …
As the Trump administration reckons with the #coronavirus outbreak, recall how Donald Trump reacted to the Ebola epidemic – in tweets, interviews, and news conferences. In a public health emergency, he saw political opportunity.
A vaccine for the Wuhan coronavirus is six to 12 months away. To slow the spread of the disease, the world must rely on public health measures 
While I'm obviously 100% behind curbing the spread of coronavirus, I'm very concerned at how this administration will apply/utilize this decision.  …
BREAKING: U.S. declares coronavirus a public health emergency, will deny entry to foreigners who visited China within the last 14 days Needs to go back further than 14 days, in my opinion (However, I'm not a doctor)
Impressed by range, scope of @realDonaldTrump Administration press briefing here. Granularity specific to screening, seriousness surrounding public safety crucial. #Coronavirus
Beginning Sunday at 5pm, the US will implement new Coronavirus control measures. 14 days mandatory quarantine for any US  in from Hubei province. Also - any foreign  in from China will he denied entry into the US
Press Briefing with Members of White House Coronavirus Task Force  …
BREAKING: Trump administration declares U.S. public health emergency over coronavirus. "The United States government will implement temporary measures to increase our abilities to detect and contain the coronavirus proactively and aggressively."  
The novel coronavirus, #2019nCoV, is not spreading  in the U.S. at this time. CDC is still working to contain the spread of the virus. See what is known about how 2019-nCoV spreads:  
The coronavirus has  a global pandemic, yet the Chinese Communist Party continues to play politics by blocking Taiwan from participating in the @WHO. Taipei must be allowed to join international efforts to fight this virus  …
NEW: Trump admin just announced a ban on foreign national travel for those who have been in China w/in the last 14 days. The US, HHS Sec. Azar said, is "temporarily suspending the entry into the US of foreign nationals who pose a risk of transmitting the 2019 novel coronavirus."
At this time, the risk to Americans remains low, and we are working to keep it that way. We will continue our work to monitor, respond to, and mitigate the spread of the #coronavirus and ensure that Americans have the most accurate and up-to-date health and travel information.  …
2020 HALLOWEEN COSTUME IDEAS: -Coronavirus -Large small boulder  failure of checks & balances in Government
. @realDonaldTrump takes strong action, declares public health emergency, quarantines and travel limitations due to #Coronavirus. He’s not messing around - this is exactly why we elected him.
HHS Sec Azar in WH briefing room: Coronavirus presents a “public health emergency” in the US.
Breaking: The U.S. has officially declared the coronavirus a public health emergency. The Dow Jones is down over 600 points due to coronavirus woes.
#Coronavirus is public health emergency in America now says the Trump regime. Trump is probably worried the stock market dropped 600 points today.  …
My feed is jammed today with conspiracy theories about the coronavirus being a bioweapon that leaked out from a lab in Wuhan. If this virus -- with its 3% mortality rate -- is a bioweapon, it's one of the least fearsome  ones ever.
Medical workers from all over China saying goodbye to loved ones as they leave for Wuhan city to aid the coronavirus control efforts there. They are together in the fight unlike some vermin wishing it enters Nigeria so they can mock the president. 
**HAPPENING NOW: HHS Sec. Alex Azar: “I have today declared that the coronavirus presents a public health emergency in the United States.” @OANN
A recent opinion poll shows that around 80 percent of Hong Kong people are in favor of a total border shutdown to limit the impact of the Wuhan novel coronavirus epidemic, called nCoV-2019 (Wuhan) by the WHO.  …
China has imported 290 million yuan (about 41.8 million U.S. dollars) worth of medical supplies in a single week to ease domestic shortages amid efforts to contain the novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) outbreak, customs data showed Friday. 
BREAKING: U.S. declares coronavirus a public health emergency
Corona beer changes its name to avoid any confusion with the Chinese Coronavirus. 
India just announced that the #coronavirus had at least 4 protein inserts from HIV, which is a sign of engineering, leading them to believe this was an engineered bioweapon. The original link was pulled almost immediately. 
guys do you know how hilariously sad it is that coronavirus hits and now ppl look at asians like we *inherently* have it. as if it's part of the culture like confucianism or filial piety or some ish. do u know how simple you must be to make that ridonkulous conclusion.
As part of the Administration’s work to protect Americans and respond to the 2019 Novel #Coronavirus outbreak, today I signed a public health emergency declaration. 
Chinese authorities are rushing to build two new hospitals in Wuhan, the city at the heart of the coronavirus outbreak, in a matter of days to  the fast-spreading virus 
Ighalo flying in from China and sneezing in his first team meeting to take out the entire Man Utd squad for a year with the Coronavirus would pretty much sum up that club since Fergie retired.
For the last seven years I been stacking. Ammo, non perishables, guns, EFAK’s, etc. When we kept saying “the zombie apocalypse” y’all said we was tripping. Enter the #coronavirus. Y’all thought we was crazy like Sadam, but now we gon see WHO SANE. #HopeImWrong #ForYOURsake
CNN  that the people on the coronavirus taskforce are not diverse enough. Because that's why I want! We have a coronavirus world health emergency So get me three black guys, a native American, and a little person, no degrees necessary. Only way to stop this outbreak
Watch this time-lapse of China building a coronavirus hospital in two weeks. 
EXCLUSIVE! Even serial killers are scared of the coronavirus - shocking stuff! Only in 
LIVE: Press Briefing with Members of Coronavirus Task Force  …
The other novel insert between the bat coronavirus glycoprotein and NCoV is more similar to 13 viruses besides HIV and none of those similarities is higher than chance (given insert size/viral protein database size)
Are you really worried about catching coronavirus or are you just racist? 
The DOW Is down over 600 points because of the coronavirus. They’re afraid it will  a pandemic and disrupt  BTW, I have read that surgical masks do not help. Have it on your hands, scratch your eye, it’s game over man! Game over! Wash ur hands!
Worried about the coronavirus? Experts say the best thing you can do is wash your hands. But there's a right way and a wrong way to do it – CBS News' @DrLaPook demonstrates  
Unprecedented summer of bushfires and now the coronavirus outbreak could drive Oz into its first recession in three decades, with economists warning *regional* parts of the country are most at risk of suffering long-term financial pain.  …
This is going to be the pattern for the foreseeable future. The stock market will sell off on Friday due to fears of coronavirus and will then go back up the next week when we’re all still fine.
Apologies for not following back but my cat has contracted coronavirus after a sojourn to Wuhan and the goldfish has leprosy for reasons as yet unexplained. Like this tweet and I shall follow back, interfrastically. #HappyBrexit
A big salute to all the Chinese medical professionals who have been risking their own lives in helping fight against the deadly #coronavirus. #PrayForWuhan  …
Just checked their results. The similarity is spurious. Out of 4 inserts they identify between NCov and SARS, 2 are found in bat coronavirus. Of the remaining two, only one is most similar to HIV, and is so short (6 AA) that the similarity is not higher than chance given database
No pictures for you, and no coronavirus for me. 
Time to take action here to protect public health #coronavirus  …
I trust nothing this regime of cruelty says about anything. #coronavirus already has too much disinformation going around.  …
I’m aware that Ontario has identified a third case of novel #coronavirus. The individual is doing well and is in isolation. We’re working closely with Ontario and all provinces and territories, and the risk to Canadians remains low.
First, Dr. Eric Feigl-Ding has been spreading a ton of misinformation about nCoV. Second, those amino acids are NOT unique to HIV. Third, the "inserts" they claim are only present in the Wuhan nCoV are actually almost entirely present in the closest bat coronavirus RaTG13.
White House briefing with Members of the President's Coronavirus Task Force  …
The CDC issued its first quarantine in 50 years. The last occurred in the 1960s in connection to smallpox. CDC said decision was based on increased reports of coronavirus cases and because lab screenings may not be accurate for asymptomatic individuals  …
Just went to the super marker 85% of all cashiers and staffs are wearing masks and gloves My cashier was rocking an N95 respirator #SoItBegins #coronavirus
Misleading, unverified and false information about the coronavirus has spread across social media platforms, with some accounts only a few days old reaching millions of views with a mix of fearmongering and racial stereotyping. 
China criticises US for travel warning over coronavirus 
If China fails to contain the coronavirus outbreak, the price will be paid by all  …
Xi Jinping disappeared for two weeks in 2012. A well-connected Chinese reformer later told me that Xi probably had a secret meeting with the amorphous group of party elders during this time. Maybe they have summoned him now for a report following the outbreak of the coronavirus?  …
Trump is now quarantining  into the US from Wuhan, China. Why is he not vaccinating kids in border camps to protect them from another deadly virus--the flu--that has already killed 8,200 adults and children? #Coronavirus #Flu  …
Forget the Coronavirus, the CDC should classify Liberalism as a deadly disease.
Found a coronavirus mask in the back of this taxi. Smells a bit but I’m taking no chances. #coronavirus 
JUST IN: Health Minister @christufton announces additional restrictions as Jamaica responds to #Coronavirus now a global emergency. People entering the island from China will be subjected to immediate quarantine for minimum 14 days. Isolation facilities identified - Janet Silvera 
Video: Drones in China voice demands to people to put on their masks or go home #Brexit #Trump #Coronavirus 
Our face masks are from???? You can't make this up. #coronavirus 
After an elaborate medical check at the airport, the passengers will be taken to a #quarantine facility at Manesar in Haryana. #wuhan #coronavirus 
yellow scare and white supremacy got americans freaking out about the coronavirus when they're more likely to get the flu---which is more fatal, but easily preventable especially when you don't believe the vaccine will give you autism. (it won't.)
Dr.Liang who ws trating patients f coronavirus n Wuhan gets infcted while treating patients &  d frst doctor 2 die frm d new Coronavirus. A reminder that while evryone else is tryng 2 avoid it frntline mdical stff e rskng their lives 2 cure it & save others. 
The Coronavirus is in the news and sounds scary. It is and it can be very deadly. Our friends in China are in for a rough time. Here in Canada and the United States the greater threat is The Flu- 8000 or more will die from it. Use proper hygiene and immunize! #coronavirus 
Yay !! It’s Friday... ...wishing all you lovely tweeps a Happy and Healthy Weekend. May you have much fun and fulfil all that you desire... #WeekendVibes #stayhealthy #coronavirus 
Or , you could fly to China and help out with the Coronavirus.  …
The University remains open and classes are continuing as scheduled. Visit  for the most current information about the ongoing Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) situation, including updates, information about travelling abroad and contact information. #westernu
A Western student is confirmed to have Novel Coronavirus. The student took great care in terms of self-isolation and treatment, and has not been on campus since returning from China. @mlhealthunit has confirmed there is very low risk to  
Facebook to take action against fake posts about coronavirus  
For Americans, flu remains a bigger threat than coronavirus  …
Love this piece by @washingtonpost's Doug Wong: "These suspicions are rooted in age-old tropes about Chinese food, and they are still used against Chinese immigrants and Chinese Americans, especially during crises such as the current coronavirus outbreak."  …
WATCH: The Dow has plummeted more than 600 points now as worries grow about the potential economic impact of the coronavirus. 
Want to protect yourself from coronavirus? Do the same things you do every winter 
The only Person who can Save the world from coronavirus. 
Overseas  in #Britain have been donating money and medical supplies to help the fight against the novel #coronavirus in China. 
Ahhh, there it is! The redistribution of wealth related to pandemics. #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak  …
A woman in her 20s in London, ON is Canada’s 4th case of Coronavirus. She had visited Wuhan, was originally tested and declared negative. Now positive with mild symptoms. Dr. David Williams says all health protocols followed to protect workers. #coronavirus 
The coronavirus is a real global threat. On Thursday, the @WHO declared the coronavirus a global health emergency, but has not permitted Taiwan to attend any emergency briefings despite Taiwan having 9 confirmed cases.
There's two theories about coronavirus. 1) It's from Chinese people eating weird things at a Wuhan market. 2) It's a biological weapon escaped from a Wuhan lab. Here's @SenTomCotton telling you #1 isn't  …
It was man made and it was made to kill us all! #coronavirus 
Coronavirus: WHO Lists Nigeria, 12 Other Nations As Top Risk African Countries.  
The stock market is down a lot today because of coronavirus fears. What should you do? Nothing. The crisis is overhyped and a health restoring correction in the market is ultimately a good thing. Our economy is roaring thanks to our great President. Buying opportunity ahead.
NEW: Members of the Pres. Trumps' Coronavirus Task Force will hold an on-camera press briefing at 3:30 p.m. ET.  
THE PRINCIPAL OF MY SCHOOL SENT THE TEACHERS AN EMAIL ON CORONAVIRUS TELLING THEM TO BE PLAN AROUND INCASE IT SPREADS 
As the coronavirus in China continues to rapidly spread, @delta, @united & @AmericanAir are making the right decision to prioritize the safety of the flying public by temporarily suspending flights between the US &  …
TRUMP CORONAVIRUS TEAM TO HOLD PUBLIC BRIEFING AT 3:30 PM
Every Canadian.” I don’t care what race you are, I don’t care what country you want  from, if you’re sick and spreading disease, we don’t want you here right now”. The media: “Racist, Bigot, Xenophobe. “ #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak
Coronavirus: China is accused of burning bodies in secret with the crematoriums working an unheard of 24 hours a day. #CoronavirusOutbreak China is hiding the number of deaths caused by this rapidly spreading virus. True death toll?  …
Isn’t it best to close schools at least for couple of weeks till the real coronavirus situation is known n assessed?If the virus starts to spread in a crowded city like Male it would be like a wild fire.I ambnot being alarmist, but realist. “Rakkaave thibiyyaa dhathurey.....”
Due to the threat of novel coronavirus, the @StateDept recently adjusted the travel advisory for #China to a Level 4, meaning individuals should not travel there. Learn more about these restrictions at  Photo from 
She’s one of Toronto’s great heroes. During the SARS outbreak, Dr. Sheela Basrur was the one who kept Toronto together during an extremely difficult time. Now with novel coronavirus, we need to apply those same ideas, 
China has arrested “dozens of social media users” for spreading “false info” about #coronavirus.“ 1 arrested man is a doctor," on the front line of the fights to contain the virus.” Show's how immoral & counterproductive #CCP's censorship really  …
[INFO] 200131 #WJSN Guangzhou fansign on March 1st has been postponed due to coronavirus Starship is looking out for the health and safety of their artists and fans The rescheduled fansign date will be announced in the future 
Coronavirus update: 195 repatriated U.S. citizens in federal quarantine, 213 people have died, and countries  against travel - MarketWatch  …
An Air India flight carrying 324 Indian nationals from the coronavirus hit Hubei Province of China took off from Wuhan in the early hours of Feb 1. Majority of the passengers were Indian students. We sincerely thank the Chinese government for facilitating this flight. (1/3)
Trump creates Coronavirus task force and CNN slams it over “lack of a diversity” – The Right Scoop Don’t vote for Trump because he’s a racist.‘ And CNN wonders why people hate them so…  …
FYI, in china HIV drugs r actually being used as treatment for coronavirus.. What do you have to say about that?  …
How much do you want to bet Jennifer & her ilk are secretly cheering on the coronavirus because it's having a negative effect on the stock market. Anti-Trump means anti-success no matter the cost. We already heard from CNN & the "diversity" tweet.  …
"I'm more useful here": French doctor stays in Wuhan to fight coronavirus  
If you see anyone trying to downplay the coronavirus, that has absolutely no medical background? That’s misinformation. Listen to experts for the severity of what is going on and what could happen. Take this seriously and you have no reason to panic.
Coronavirus outbreak: Air India flight with 324 Indians takes off from China's Wuhan for Delhi
DOD, Other Government Departments Take Coronavirus Response Measures See Info here:  
Dr. Chris Mackie says she wore masks from Wuhan to Canada, and went straight into home isolation even before she showed symptoms. She continues to be in isolation, and the illness was ‘barely positive” with a high recovery. #coronavirus  …
The #CoronaVirus isn’t stoping these young ladies in Wuhan from finding love on @Tinder 
#BREAKING US quarantines all 195 American evacuees from China at Riverside military base amid mounting #coronavirus concerns  …
Coronavirus has sparked racist attacks on Asians in Australia — including me  …
How Bad Will the Coronavirus Outbreak Get? Here Are 6 Key Factors 
#BREAKING: Dr. David Williams, Ontario chief medical officer of health, confirms third case of #coronavirus in Ontario - woman in her 20s who came back from Wuhan asymptomatic. 
Ontario’s Chief Medical Officer of Health Dr. David Williams says that the province’s third case of novel coronavirus has been confirmed in London.
WTF?? INDIAN STUDY SAYS CORONAVIRUS GENETIC INSERTIONS IN SPIKE PROTEINS "SIMILAR OR IDENTICAL" TO THOSE OF HIV #nCov2019  …
Student at Albert Leonard Middle School in #NewRochelle #NewYork Tests Positive For Common #Coronavirus Strain Child's strain was #NL63, not #nCoV19 (strain of coronavirus that originated in China) Who else has not yet announced their illness?  …
LIVE | Ontario's Chief Medical Officer of Health, Dr. David Williams, provides an update on the province’s response to coronavirus. Read more:   …
Overheard while grabbing a coffee: *3 ladies discussing coronavirus “That’s why I just stay away from Chinese restaurants now” 
Folks, we now have a positive case of novel #coronavirus in #ldnont. The individual is a young woman who is a student at Western, but has NOT been on campus since returning from China. The risk associated with this case is very low for several reasons: 1/
China's First Coronavirus Hospital opens after just 48 Hours of construction. #coronarovirus #coronavirus 
Countries that have restricted entry of Chinese nationals because of the #coronavirus : - Mongolia - Philippines - Kazakhstan - Macau - North Korea - Russia - Taiwan - Vietnam
Trudeau fundraiser: Liberals fine with Canada's #coronavirus response and the acceptance of pro-Iranian MP Majid Jowhari. WATCH THE FULL VIDEO:  | 
Air India Spokesperson: Air India special flight takes off from Wuhan (China) with 324 Indians on board. #Coronavirus  
. @NEJM just published a letter on a cluster in Germany that appears to have originated with transmission of #coronavirus before a patient became symptomatic. If asymptomatic transmission of #nCoV  major implications for control 
3 tweets in 1: Still dealing with a slight cold but now tired too. Will need to nap some here in a bit. Impeachment: Can't believe those republican senators! Not calling witnesses just to get reelected. Coronavirus: Let's all pull together. Racism is never ok. Wash your hands.
WATCH LIVE: Officials to provide update on coronavirus situation  
CNN: Central Florida, officials have confirmed a case of coronavirus within  Check to follow updates:  … (Spread the News)
The U.S. government has intentionally rendered itself incapable of dealing with the current #coronavirus outbreak, by @Laurie_Garrett  … via @ForeignPolicy #nCoV2019
According to new case study, the first US coronavirus patient was sick for a week with mild cough and fever. The pneumonia didn't set in until day 9.  …
For every like this gets = I will be giving away 0.1$to charity to help for coronavirus 
Before #coronavirus coach trip v after Coronavirus coach trip. 
#Rwanda preparedness & preventive measures against Coronavirus are systematic at KIA regardless where you  from. The @WhoRwanda Country Representative Dr Kasonde Mwinga and Min  from Rusizi are being screened by the @RBCRwanda 
As you watch the stock market plunge because of the #coronavirus, keep this ominous fact in mind.  …
Three of the largest US airlines -- Delta, American and United -- have canceled more flights between the United States and China because of concerns about the spread of coronavirus. 
London Roots & Emcibini We jumping to December guys, we might avoid Coronavirus bafethu. 
The coronavirus is about to turn me into a libertarian, because  have been more willing to end flights to and from China than  …
CDC now acknowledges potential transmission of #coronavirus from an ASYMPTOMATIC person (i.e., before having symptoms). NOT good. #CoronavirusOutbreak #2019nCoV  …
"US underprepared for coronavirus due to Trump cuts, say health experts" -  …
A handful of social media giants announce steps  false cures, conspiracy theories and more about the coronavirus outbreak on their platforms. 
Tokyo’s landmark Tokyo Skytree was lit up in red to boost the morale of #Wuhan, the center of #coronavirus outbreak 
Coronavirus panic is not an excuse to spread racist memes 
The fourth confirmed case of #coronavirus - and third in Ontario - is a woman in her 20s who recently travelled to Wuhan. She was in hospital but now in isolation at home and said to be doing well. We are expecting a briefing in about 15 minutes from Health officials  …
Utd fans when Ighalo infects Woodward and the Glazers with coronavirus 
The @WHO has identified Nigeria and 12 other African countries as top-risk for Coronavirus. These graphics provide information on all you need to know about the 'novel' Coronavirus. Do you agree with calls from some quarters that Nigeria should ban inbound flights from China? 
The number of confirmed cases of the new coronavirus in China has skyrocketed to more than 9,000, surpassing the official count during the SARS epidemic 
On Thursday, the rapid outbreak of coronavirus prompted the U.S. State Department to issue a level 4 travel advisory ("Do not travel") – its most severe warning – for the entire country of China.  …
NEW: For first time in 50 years, CDC orders a federal quarantine for American evacuees who were flown to California from Wuhan, China, amid the coronavirus outbreak. 
. @UPS_Foundation is providing free air transportation of more than 2 million respirator masks and 11,000 protective coveralls to China to  the spread of the coronavirus in Wuhan, China. This delivery will address a critical shortage of personal protective equipment.
A man who was on the British evacuation plane from the coronavirus epicentre of Wuhan has said he is "relieved" to be back in the UK. Get the latest on #coronavirus here:  
Traders since the coronavirus outbreak started 
On tonight's show we will  on this important new coronavirus study which states that the HIV insertions found in the virus are "unlikely to be fortuitous in nature." w/ @AnnikaSkywalker.  …
January 2020: • Coronavirus • US-Iran conflict • Turkey earthquake • Global health emergency • Taal Volcano erupts • Indonesia floods • Brazil floods • Libya conflict • US impeachment • Russian govt resigns • Kashmir avalanche • Australia fires • Kobe dies • Brexit
Preparations for Tokyo 2020 will "continue as planned" despite the coronavirus outbreak. Full story  
For first time in 50 years, CDC orders a federal quarantine for American evacuees who were flown to California from Wuhan, China, amid the coronavirus outbreak. 
Quote of the Day, by @Yaqiu - China's #Coronavirus response needs to stop censorship, respect freedom of movement, address discrimination.  
“We are preparing as if this is the next pandemic.” The US @CDCgov ordered the first quarantine in 50 years for all 195 Americans who repatriated following the #coronavirus outbreak.  …
Very cool that this coronavirus outbreak hits just as i'm about to take my "Touch my eyes, touch my nose" show on the road
Big Hit Entertainment to make 'Big Hit Corporate Briefing With The Community' event private due to Coronavirus outbreak  
BREAKING: @CDCgov says the Americans evacuated from #Wuhan will be quarantined for 14 days due to: Rapidly increasing number of cases Human-to-human transmission #German case where an *ASYMPTOMATIC* person might have spread #2019nCoV #coronavirus  …
Riverside County Health officials issued a #Quarantine order for a passenger who had traveled from #Coronavirus-impacted #Wuhan to March Air Reserve Base. The passenger apparently tried to leave the base, according to Riverside County health  …
The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has ordered a federal 14-day quarantine for nearly 200 Americans who recently returned from Wuhan, China, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak. 
‘The patients are receiving specialist NHS care and we are using tried and tested infection-control procedures to prevent further spread of the virus,’ said England's chief medical officer as the coronavirus hits the UK  
This account is literally coronavirus fabrizio Romano  …
The director-general of the UN's World Health Organization (WHO) praised China for its response to the coronavirus, saying it is "actually setting a new standard for outbreak response" You won't see this in the hysterically racist Western media coverage  …
Coronavirus isn't making people racist, it's exacerbating underlying racist attitudes and amplifying them into a feedback loop, fostering racism to grow further.  …
Highlight: Gaming and esports consultant @Slasher breaks down how the coronavirus is impacting the gaming industry: 
BREAKING: Fourth case of coronavirus set to be confirmed in Canada
US coronavirus evacuees being kept under 14-day quarantine, CDC says  …
This CoronaVirus is going to be used to push TRANSPARENCY. Think about it, NO ONE KNOWS the true numbers of the deaths, cases, locations of those with CoronaVirus.. blockchain will solve all of this. And the CoronaVirus only made it's appearance AFTER the US/CHINA TRADE DEAL!
CNN: Calexico, CA first case of the Coronavirus discovered by CBP Officers, Imperial County Health Services, Wednesday January 29 - CONFIRMED  … According to officials the case is under control.
This is the worst of both types of reactions -- extreme and ineffective: 1)a travel ban when the WHO urged nations not to do so and 2)that will be in a place a week from now as if the virus will just hang out until then in China. Somebody explain this one. #coronavirus  …
This boy told me he might be going jail next month and I replied saying at least he’s safe from catching coronavirus and he blocked me??
Communist China is always lying about figures and statistics. The Corona virus is way more grave than they make it seem. Is The True Number Of Coronavirus Victims Far Larger Than We Are Being Told? | Zero Hedge  …
Russia reports first coronavirus cases, restricts China air travel  
Yepp, there is another article also regarding this. Opinion | Coronavirus: a leaked weapon? -  … Download mint app for latest in Business News - 
Ighalo did try to get home from China yesterday and couldn’t. Coronavirus has delayed Chinese Super League. Players now looking to move. He’s keen to return to English football. Still odds against but two clubs talking about potential last minute deal.
Why the late Sheela Basrur, the doctor who guided us through the SARS crisis, is a Toronto hero, by @shawnmicallef  … via @torontostar #coronavirus #nCoV2019
The State Department is warning Americans not to travel to China, one day after the coronavirus was declared a global health emergency. 
The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has ordered a federal 14-day quarantine for nearly 200 Americans who recently returned from Wuhan, China, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak. 
The best tweet on coronavirus yet. And yep, Keystone Kops probably best explanation.....  …
4th confirmed case of coronavirus diagnosed in Canada. Patient is from London, Ontario. Health authorities to release more information at 2:30 pm ET.
#Coronavirus can be treated by cow urine, dung: Hindu Mahasabha president.  …
BREAKING: Fourth case of coronavirus confirmed in Canada.
The Wuhan coronavirus has hit Xinjiang, where China has imprisoned at least 1 million Uighur Muslims. Its filthy detention camps will make inmates sitting ducks.  …
"This coronavirus is new. But the diseases of xenophobia and racism are not. And as history has shown, outbreaks of the latter are potentially harder to contain, and far more lethal."  …
The Taipei Game Show, and our first real look at Elden Ring, have been postponed due to the coronavirus emergency  
Coronavirus: Hong Kong closes schools until March after WHO declares global emergency  … via @hongkongfp
New: The U.S. is placing 195 Americans who were evacuated from Wuhan, China, under a mandatory 14-day quarantine in an effort to limit the possible spread of the coronavirus. 
I DO MY HAIR TOSS CHECK MY NAILS BABY HOW YOU FEELIN’? FEELIN ˡⁱᵏᵉ ᵇᵉⁱⁿᵍ ᵒᵘᵗʷᵃʳᵈˡʸ ʳᵃᶜⁱˢᵗ ᵗᵒʷᵃʳᵈˢ ᴬˢⁱᵃⁿ ᵖᵉᵒᵖˡᵉ ᵃˢ ᵃ ʳᵉˢᵘˡᵗ ᵒᶠ ᵗʰᵉ ᶜᵒʳᵒⁿᵃᵛⁱʳᵘˢ ⁱˢ ᵘⁿⁿᵃᶜᶜᵉᵖᵗᵃᵇˡᵉ ᵇᵉʰᵃᵛⁱᵒʳ
JUST IN: Americans evacuated from China over the coronavirus will be quarantined 14 days by the CDC I Love it....Trump getting Americans out of their and making sure we’re all safe
New Coronavirus Ro of 4.1 = Massive Contagion Risk  
Fourth case of novel coronavirus confirmed in Canada, by me and @l_stone. More  on this  …
All the symptoms for the coronavirus I’ve had before but you nggas ain’t trynna hear that!! Y’all just want to be racist and think it’s funny. The symptoms are basically like when you have  cold. Dumbasses 
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said that aggressive steps will be needed to stop the coronavirus from taking hold in the U.S. 
A man lies dead in the street: the image that captures the Wuhan coronavirus crisis  …
Coronavirus: Masks 'going for £125' as profiteers take advantage of surging demand in Hong Kong  …
China has done an admirable  coronavirus but racism triggered against Chinese is pathetic. Influenza, dengue& other viruses have been equally dangerous in other places. This should time for the world to 'Keep calm & support China.'  …
"Cow urine and cow dung can be used for treating #NovelCoronavirus disease. A special yagna will be performed to kill the novel #coronavirus and end its effects on the world". - Swami Chakrapani Maharaj, president of Hindu Mahasabha  …
Chinese Embassy in India should get in touch with them ASAP and stop sending advisories! @WHO World Health Organisation which says it's a global emergency, should also note this! "Coronavirus can be treated by cow urine, dung: Hindu Mahasabha president"  …
With the #coronavirus outbreak parents are asking me how to prevent the spread to their children. Hand washing with soap is the most effective way to prevent virus spread, so here's a simple video using pepper to help explain this to your children at home. 
how can i be standing there, 100% coronavirus free, waiting for my boba and this group of girls in front of me look back at me, start whispering between them and move further away? i-
Whenever I hear "coronavirus", I think of how The Rhythm of Night by Corona spread around the world,  a top 10 hit in 14 countries.
The Dow drops 525 points and fell to its low of the session after Delta and American Airlines suspend all flights between the US and China amid coronavirus outbreak. 
As more information about the #coronavirus outbreak  clear, I'd like to remind NYers that my office will remain vigilant & will not tolerate any acts of hate, discrimination, or practices that exploit  If you see something, we want to know: 1-800-771-7755
Every year the flu kills thousands of people. You really have to take preventative measures. All of these scare tactics & diet xenophobia y'all are perpetuating with this coronavirus is exhausting... Viruses mutating, poverty, & inadequate healthcare do factor into these things.
When  to dealing with a public health emergency like coronavirus, the hasty spread of misinformation hurts response efforts. To set the record straight, I had our office prepare an FAQ to share facts with the public. Please read and share widely.  …
We’re told to take the #coronavirus seriously. So much so the WHO declared global emergency. What does the media do? They make it racist to want to protect our country. Makes it racist to identify where it started.Then inserts climate change as correlated to the spread of disease
The 83 Britons on board will be transferred to a special facility to be quarantined for 14 days. Get the latest on #coronavirus here:  
Coronavirus: WHO lists Nigeria, 12 others as top-risk African nations 
Strange Parts: Let's talk about coronavirus...  YOU'RE MAKING TEA WRONG!!!
Trump officials are considering a mandatory evacuation order for all U.S. citizens in the region of China at the center of the coronavirus outbreak  …
Delta Air Lines and American Airlines each said on Friday that they were suspending all services between the United States and mainland China as concerns about the #coronavirus spread internationally, New York Times reports. 
The coronavirus outbreak in China has been a public health disaster and a messaging nightmare. How has Beijing tried to control the narrative? That’s our focus this week. 
How infectious is coronavirus? Understanding the rapid spread  . See our full coverage here:  
CNN blasted for condemning Trump's coronavirus task force for its 'lack of diversity'  … Trump hatred at CNN is a real cancer to our body politic. This Network is drawing with Pure Hatred that they have  just GARBAGE..no other way to describe them
The Propoganda <---- this is what is spreading The Coronavirus <------ What is not spreading
BREAKING: CDC is now ordering the 195 U.S. citizens who were flown from Wuhan China to a military base in Southern California to remain there for 14 days. They've already been there 2 days. It was voluntary. It's now mandatory. So far none of the 195 have #coronavirus.  …
The stories of  from Chinese Canadians are heartbreaking. This stigma is based on racism, not facts. Our medical professionals are working hard to keep us safe and fight #Coronavirus. Let's not hurt  by turning on our friends and neighbours.  …
These are the same people who now want to make a coronavirus vaccine:  …
whew this coronavirus thing is really bringing out the racist in some ppl
The Coronavirus outbreak has killed hundreds of people and the world health organisation has classified it as a global health emergency. Meanwhile obesity kills over 40.000 people every month worldwide, but if you bring it up, you get attacked for "Fat shaming".
URGENT: The Frank Five #10 – Gunfire In Wuhan With the sound of gunfire in the background, and people being beaten in the streets, the WTO, CBC, and the rest continue to tell us all is well. Trust China. #CoronavirusOutbreak #Coronavirus  …
President sent message to Xi Jinping to express sympathy and support to coronavirus victims 
Just to update your checklist, Steph: USMCA - little difference from NAFTA M.E. Peace Plan - Nonexistent/Failure Human Trafficking - Talk/No significant change Opiods - Talk/No significant change GDP Growth - Does NOT exceed expectations Coronavirus - Put together   …
#BREAKING: A third case of coronavirus has been confirmed in Ontario, a source tells to CP24. The patient is in London, Ont.
#US "We are preparing as if this is the next #pandemic." - @DrNancyM_CDC #Coronavirus #2019nCoV No matter where you are in the world, please do the same. -2 weeks + food and water -refill RX, get OTC medicines -sign up for alerts with your local gov't -get the flu shot
US airlines suspend flights to mainland China as coronavirus spreads 
The Virginia Department of Health announced Friday that the test result for the suspected coronavirus case associated with George Mason University is negative.  #coronarvirus
- WW3 almost happened. - Kobe Bryant passed away. - Australia wildfires. - Eminem & Lil Wayne released an album. - Deadly Coronavirus outbreak. - Tsunami in Jamaica. - 7.7M Earthquake at the Carribbean sea. (It’s only the first month of the decade). #2020SoFar
Airlines around the world are announcing temporary flight reductions or cancellations in response to the #coronavirus outbreak in China.  …
Coronavirus conspiracy theories spread panic and dangerous misinformation 
UPDATE: NYPD official warned 8 Queens precincts of a "confirmed" coronavirus case @Elmhurst Hospital this am: “EGH has 1 confirmed case of the Coronavirus...If you send a prep to EGH, make sure the officer has proper gear (mask) to protect themselves."  …
Trump Has Sabotaged America’s Coronavirus Response. As it improvises its way through a public health crisis, the United States has never been less prepared for a pandemic.  …
#Coronavirus: Where does  from and how did it mutate to infect humans? @NataliaGJ 
NEJM report out describing first case of #Wuhan #coronavirus in the United States Notably, the patient’s clinical condition improved after treatment of $GILD remdesivir (GS-5734)  … 
Coronavirus—we need to contain the parallel epidemics of xenophobia and misinformation - 
not a cambridge shopping centre being blatantly (and professionally?!!!) anti-Asian and cancelling an event intended to celebrate Chinese culture because of the coronavirus  …
The #Coronavirus is a global tragedy which the whole world should cooperate with the gov & people of #China to get rid of it. I am convinced that the Chinese persistence & sense of responsibility will get them through this turbulent 
Keep track of where the coronavirus is spreading here  …
There’s no Coronavirus in Fiji as of today. 1st February 2020.
 to regularly provide the public with the number of cases tested each Friday. Today Dr. Bonnie Henry, BC’s Provincial Health Officer, & I issued the first of these updates regarding the novel #coronavirus #2019-nCoV in BC. Our joint statement:  …
CDC says this is the first time in more than 50 yrs it has issued a quarantine order. @DrNancyM_CDC: "We would rather be remembered for overreacting than under-reacting." #coronavirus  …
"Consuming cow urine and cow dung will stop the effect of infectious coronavirus. A person who chants Om Namah Shivay and applies cow dung on body, will be saved." Spiritual, Scientific Hindu Rashtra.  …
Whole of Newcastle fighting off coronavirus  …
U.S. mandates quarantine for 195 evacuees from Wuhan who arrived this week at a military base in Calif. amid coronavirus worries  …
Tbh if you think about it, coronavirus could be because the economy is increasing the amount of chickens being dropped from the sky and making it colder by using the big fans in Zimbabwe. That’s why Chris Brown and Vladimir Putin have the same national insurance number
Donald Trump has deprioritized global health security and cut critical programs like Predict—which can leave us vulnerable to epidemics. As president, I'll bring back Predict and invest in our public health systems to keep us safe from outbreaks like coronavirus.  …
#Coronavirus update: First batch of Indian passengers started boarding from Wuhan, China to India: Health Ministry 
U.S. CDC SAYS HAS ISSUED QUARANTINE ORDER FOR ALL REPATRIATED INDIVIDUALS FROM CHINA IN CALIFORNIA DUE TO CORONAVIRUS THREAT - TELEBRIEFING
How South Africa will deal with coronavirus at ports of entry. 
6,651 people held on cruise ship after passenger develops suspected coronavirus symptoms 
The Coronavirus is not nearly as dangerous as the the GOP #ImpeachmentTrialSham
Coronavirus task force another example of Trump administration's lack of diversity | Analysis  
Thanks for the interview @bbchealth @BBCBreaking @BBCWorld @BBCAMERICA BBC News - Coronavirus: Doctors fight back against misinformation online  …
BREAKING: after the @StateDept advises Americans to avoid ALL travel to #China due to the #CoronavirusOutbreak, @Delta and @AmericanAir announce they will suspend ALL flights from the U.S. to #China. This is just the beginning... #coronavirus  …
China’s slow, defensive, & inept response to the coronavirus highlights the systemic flaws in its decision-making & underscores why assumptions re its future eco & pol trajectory are not just wrong but understate likely problems/disruptions.  … via @NYTimes
Today is just getting dumber and dumber as time goes on. This is what the media is right now? A crowd of people pointing phones and shuffling around like fucking idiots? JFC. Just... coronavirus, if you read this, wipe everything there out. Please. It won't be missed.  …
Some really interesting and articulate points from Wayne here. I’m glad the best people won. Be terrible if the country’s future had been decided by a bunch of fucking mutants who look like they’ve just crawled out of a mass grave for coronavirus casualties. 
CT Imaging of the 2019 Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) Pneumonia  #radiology #coronarvirus #CoronavirusOutbreak @radiology_rsna 
was China the first to suggest using HIV drug to treat #coronavirus ? and did that suggested usage happen BEFORE this discovery of likely origin? you put the two together, you know what that means?  …
The dumbest fucking thing I've read on the coronavirus  …
- Brexit happened - Coronavirus is in the UK - I'm now closer to 30 than 20 I need a beer
To equate a disease - ANY disease - with a group of people is inhumane and wrong. It reminds us that one of humanity’s most serious diseases is racism. The idea that #coronavirus is leading to anti-Chinese racism is wrong, reviling, and harms public health.
First batch of Indian passengers in Air India special flight that will take off from Wuhan (China) shortly. #Coronavirus 
BREAKING: United Airlines halts China flights starting February 6, joining Delta and American amid coronavirus outbreak 
My mom called. She’s worried people will get the coronavirus at the Super Bowl.
All three US major airlines have now announced flight China flight suspensions due to #coronavirus. United suspending Feb 6 to March 28 Delta suspending Feb 6 to April 30 American suspending today through March 27
Pilots and flight attendants are demanding airlines to stop flights to #China as #Health officials declare a global emergency over the rapidly spreading #Coronavirus, with @AmericanAir’s pilots filing a lawsuit seeking an immediate  …
Dr.SHIVA providing a REAL PERSPECTIVE on #CoronaVirus, beyond the hype.  …
So CNN thinks Trump has the time to sit around a desk and review the birth certificates and DNA profiles of each member of the taskforce put together  the Coronavirus? Who are these matures writing these imbecilic articles?  …
Can face masks prevent coronavirus? Experts say that depends 
#UofT takes steps to protect &  members during coronavirus outbreak  
The US Dept of Defense has released some helpful photos to assist you in identifying #coronavirus Please try avoid if seen. 
Can we start calling this Chinese coronavirus the Kung Flu?
italians when the coronavirus reached italy 
The coronavirus is likely to spread around the world. Governments must rely on public-health measures to buy time  
How does #coronavirus spread and how can you protect yourself?  …
Heartbreaking! A 9-year-old girl brings dumplings to her nurse mother, who has been fighting frontline against the #coronavirus, during the Lunar New Year, a time when families are supposed to be together. 
We are holding a press conference regarding coronavirus shortly
#WATCH First batch of Indian passengers start boarding Air India special flight in Wuhan (China). #Coronavirus 
Chinese people are getting fed up, tensions are high as masks and necessities are in short supply. 50 million people are confined to their homes - can the reds afford public unrest now? #CommunismSucks #coronavirus 
The coronavirus doesn't appear to be the global pandemic of nightmares and hollywood movies, but its political consequences could be dire. The already isolated and ossifying Chinese system just had a major economic hub taken offline.  …
#coronavirus update: #TNGovt is making swift measures with spl approval from @MoHFW_INDIA to setup a #Virologylab at #KingsInstitute,Chennai for faster turnaround of blood test results. The facility will be ready within 48 hours. Stay connected for updates @CMOTamilNadu #CVB
CDC is only lab in USA that has ability to test for Coronavirus. They are working overtime developing kits for other labs, while also screening at ports-of-entry and doing investigations. Trumpers have screamed they're too big. This situation is exactly why they need expanded.
Feeling sad for those students who are crying for help but Pak Govt is not responding. This is how Pak has left their civilians on mercy of Coronavirus.  …
EXO's Baekhyun Praised For His Adorable Yet Smart Methods To Preventing The Coronavirus  …
S&P 500 erases 2020 gains on concern the spread of the coronavirus will slam global economic growth  
We expect #bitcoin to shrug off global equity jitters because $BTC likely seen as a ‘safe haven’ from #coronavirus spread. - breaking from the pattern of 2019 where bitcoin and stocks moved in lockstep  …
#WuhanEvacuation Update: Boarding of #Indian Nationals onboard special @airindiain flight ( AI1349) has started. #India #China #coronavirus 
"I'm not even scared of death, you think I'm scared of you Chinese Communist Party?" says 'Chen Qiushi' as he vows to continue to report to the world what he sees and hears on the ground in #Wuhan, despite the #CCP trying to censor him. #CoronaVirus  
Coronavirus may or may not be suspected to be in the NYC area but we will confirm with sources if they heard it from one of their family members who read about it on Twitter after a guy posted it on his TikTok because he saw a guy coughing on the subway.
#Coronavirus in Russia: - 2 Chinese citizens diagnosed - One in Far East, the other in western Siberia - Both patients quarantined and under ‘strict monitoring’ - No immediate risk of further spread MORE:  
I’m lucky to work with such a fantastic team. We’ve just reacted to new guidance on the coronavirus, pulled content design, developers and decision makers together, navigated all the necessary change redtape and amended a live service within an hour on a Friday afternoon. 
Nearly all of the active Pharma ingredients, vitamins, minerals in the medicines you take are made in China & India -- mostly China. Disruptions in the supply chain could impact what drugs are in US stores. #2019nCoV #coronavirus This warning from  …
There are no confirmed cases of Coronavirus in NYC, nor have we sent any cases to the CDC for testing. If you have flu-like symptoms, be safe. See a doctor or go to the hospital for testing.
Hospital queues in #Hubei province China. And you thought the NHS was bad. #coronavirus 
Breaking: Suspected coronavirus case turns up in Dallas, assistant city manager says 
I heard the Mullah from the mosque loudspeaker: "God has sent #CoronaVirus to kill these infidels. It will take more & more of them....God will send this virus to those who run the Afghan Star (Afghan Idol) program. God's anger will take you all...." Me: fuck offf
Has anyone noticed that some of the coverage/response to the coronavirus has been ableist in addition to being racist? I keep seeing posts being like HEY don’t worry guys the only people who have died are the elderly or people with PREVIOUS conditions!!
*Me in the hospital dying from coronavirus* Doctor: Okay before we start do you have insurance? Me:  …
Delta and American Airlines will temporarily suspend all remaining U.S.-China flights after the State Department elevated a travel advisory over concerns about the coronavirus. Full coverage here: 
Time To Panic? More Chinese Restaurants Handing Out Fortune Cookies That Just Say 'Death By Coronavirus' 
Dow down over 500 points on fears about economic impact of deadly China coronavirus.  
Italy just declared a state of emergency regarding the Coronavirus. Do Republicans really want Trump in charge? Is this seriously happening? And now the stock market is down today over 500 points. “No reason to be concerned, Trump’s in charge,” Said no one sane.
Just in | The doctors and Air India staff at #Wuhan Tianhe International Airport. They are there for the evacuation of Indians from the #coronavirus-hit Chinese city. Photo: Special Arrangement 
Heartbreaking! Medical workers fighting the #coronavirus on the front line in Wuhan fell asleep without taking off their protective suits. Many of them have been working nonstop and could only sleep for 2-3 hours a day. 
Coronavirus got my hands dry asf from all the sanitizer I’ve been using
The lunar cycle just restarted, beginning with the rat year. Rats carry diseases/pandemics (coronavirus epidemic). However as above, so below, a renaissance usually follows after a crisis. Enlightenment, opportunity, and intelligence are character tropes of the rat.
As we witness the devastation that the Coronavirus is causing to the friendly people of the People’s Republic of China, this is to express the solidarity of the Makerere University Community with the People of China. 
TRUMP WEIGHS TIGHTER CHINA TRAVEL RESTRICTIONS IN RESPONSE TO CORONAVIRUS- WASHINGTON POST Follow the story live: 
This man has just returned from #Wuhan, the city where the epidemic has spread. When the police tried to return him to Wuhan, he refused so police killed him in cold blood. #CoronavirusOutbreak #China #WuHan #coronarovirus #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus 
Schools in Hong Kong have been suspended until March 2 due to Wuhan coronavirus 
Ontario's top public health officials have just announced a media briefing regarding the novel coronavirus for 2:30 pm ET today. Previously they  to regular updates at 10:30 am ET on Mondays and Thursdays. CBC will offer live coverage from Queen's Park.
NYC HAS FIRST CORONAVIRUS CASE IN QUEENS: NY DAILY NEWS
Despicable! Celebrating the lethal virus! Based on belief that only Chinese will die! Commerce secretary says deadly coronavirus could be good for America  …
The Daily News is reporting that there's a case of the coronavirus in NYC  …
#Coronavirus has killed at least 213 people in China and is spreading to other countries raising global alarm. Read more about what's known about the virus:  
This morning, I spoke with @POTUS Trump about the progress we’re making on the new NAFTA. We also discussed the latest developments on the coronavirus, and the detention of Canadians in China. More on what we talked about here:  …
The coronavirus is hurting retailers, fast food chains, carmakers and airlines. The outbreak has been declared a global health emergency by the World Health Organization  
I KEEP GETTING TAGGED IN POSTS BY LAZY PEOPLE TRYING TO TAG CORONAVIRUS. AAAAGGGHHHHH
WATCH: very important update on new data suggesting #coronavirus has Ro of 4.1 (= massively contagious)  …
Driver looks absolutely thrilled to be driving a coach full of potentially coronavirus riddled people  …
#Coronavirus outbreak | #EU2020HR activated the @EUCouncil's crisis mechanism. This means rapid and coordinated information sharing at EU level. More here 
New coronavirus looks set to cause a pandemic – how do we control it?  
BigHit Cancels Public Company Briefing Event Due To The Coronavirus Spread  …
#coronavirus More pictures of people that dropped dead in #Chinese streets (dated today). Quite a bit of this lately. Via  …
Regarding the Coronavirus. How can we expect to take a genuine threat seriously when our government has been ginning up fake threats to scare and divide us for going on four years? This is when it gets dangerous.
Surveillance state using their most familiar ways  #coronavirus, a flying surveillance drone.  …
If you are reading this and have coronavirus, please make your way to Parliament Square asap  …
Coronavirus can be treated by cow urine, dung: Hindu Mahasabha president | via  …
THE CORONAVIRUS IS NOT AN EXCUSE TO BE RACIST TO ASIANS. THE CORONAVIRUS IS NOT AN EXCUSE TO BE RACIST TO ASIANS. THE CORONAVIRUS IS NOT AN EXCUSE TO BE RACIST TO ASIANS. THE CORONAVIRUS IS NOT AN EXCUSE TO BE RACIST TO ASIANS.
Slags be like omg I’m afraid of coronavirus n then put their tongue on strangers dick... girl you are the cornonavirus xx
US airlines Delta and American temporarily halt flights to China due to the coronavirus  …
LOCKDOWN: Haunting drone footage shows nearly empty road and waterways in typically busting Wuhan, China, amid a citywide lockdown over the deadly coronavirus outbreak.  
Sun Weidong, Chinese Envoy to India: We shared information of the epidemic and the genetic sequence of coronavirus with the World Health Organisation(WHO), relevant nations and regions in a timely manner.  …
many believe we’ll defeat the coronavirus in a lab but where we’ll actually defeat it is in the marketplace of ideas
Sun Weidong, Chinese Envoy to India on China’s cooperation with  during this battle against #Coronavirus: While fighting the epidemic, the Chinese government carried out international cooperation with openness, transparency and high sense of responsibility. 
Close-up of Ms.Fannie’s feet, I wonder if smell it can prevent the wuhan new coronavirus 
Mp Gatundu South Hon Moses Kuria today at Thika. #BBIFraud #coronavirus #SabinaChegeToRuto #DeadlineDay #FridayMotivation 
The longer coronavirus dents China’s industrial output, the bigger the risk to global supply chains 
"Streaming 'Physical' by Dua Lipa boosts your immune system to help battle the #Coronavirus" - World Health Organization 
Here's our latest advice for the public on #coronavirus. The government and NHS are well prepared to deal with this virus. There are some simple steps you can take to help. Full information  
Arrival #coronavirusitalia #coronavirus #virus #arrival #cartoon  #satira #vignetta 
Police: The BPS are 'aware of messages circulating on social media suggesting that a passenger on a plane diverted to Bermuda last night has Coronavirus. This is untrue. The flight diversion Thursday evening for an ill passenger had nothing to do with the Coronavirus outbreak'
New Coronavirus data: R0 now understood to be 4.1(!). Much more contagious than expected. 
The coronavirus is likely to spread around the world. But it may turn out to be no more serious than seasonal flu 
you’re more likely to get a disease from your local ASDA than coronavirus so pls shut ThE fUcK uP!!!!
A restaurant in Markham is losing business after it became the subject of a coronavirus meme because it's named Wuhan.  …
Yesterday, antivaxxers were saying that the flu vaccine caused the Wuhan 2019-nCoV outbreak. Now the outbreak is due to a failed SARS coronavirus vaccine. Can they get their conspiracy theories straight?  
Shanghai is empty due to #coronavirus scare. No one to be seen at a public place in one of the most densely populated cities of the world. #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronarovirus 
EXCLUSIVE: Man Utd making serious effort on signing Odion Ighalo, he has received a special coronavirus check exemption after a health check, is free  the transfer. #mufc
You can reduce the risk of coronavirus infection by following these simple precautions. 
Even though it is past Friday 5pm staff at @PHE_YorksHumber and @PHE_NorthWest (and across @PHE_uk) still working hard to keep everyone safe (as they have been all week and will do over the weekend). #coronavirus #TopTeam
Dr Gottlieb is debunking lots of fake cure rumors on #coronavirus. Follow him. He is the former US FDA Commissioner.  …
I know it's scary but keep in mind that Wuhan Coronavirus only has a 2% fatality rate. I know restaurants with a 2% fatality rate
Chinese Envoy to India when asked,"How is ground situation after outbreak of #Coronavirus in China?:We are in a critical period of epidemic control.We've found confirmed cases in 31 provinces, autonomous regions&municipalities in Mainland China,&in Hong Kong,Macao&Taiwan regions. 
US airlines temporarily suspend flights to China amid coronavirus outbreak  
Delta and American cancel all flights to China for months as coronavirus death toll hits 213  
. @JasonMillerinDC: Once this #Impeachment is over, the #coronavirus story will be everything. The rest of the world is already there. @realDonaldTrump is now a wartime President. This will be the moment.  
Over 3,000 people have died of flu in America in January. 3000 vs 213. Do you not see this as an intended coup against Xi? "Coronavirus: Death toll rises to 213 as outbreak spreads to more regions"  …
Wamos Air 747 now en route to Madrid with the Spanish citizens evacuated from Wuhan.  #coronavirus 
1/2 Some fringe groups are spreading misinformation over social media that MMS — or miracle mineral solution — can cure the #coronavirus. It won’t. MMS is just potent bleach by another name. Here’s prior FDA guidance. MMS is now trending on @Google search.  
JUST IN: Delta, American Airlines halt flights to China amid coronavirus outbreak. 
Prophet of Islam had warned of #coronavirus type diseases. There are Prophetic traditions where the Prophet had warned that when people start to violate the laws of nature then strange & novel diseases will start to appear among them for which there would be no cure. 
Hundreds of foreign students are on lockdown in Wuhan. Some from Nigeria + Pakistan report campus food shortages and say they want to go home: "I don’t know what our govt is waiting for." Others say they'd rather stay: "Our country is not capable of treating the coronavirus." 
US airlines suspending all flights to/from China #Coronavirus - @Delta: Starting Feb. 6 through April 30 - @AmericanAir: Starting today through March 27
As well as sequencing the whole genome of #coronavirus 2019-nCoV, @institutpasteur isolates strains of the virus detected in  …
Rats after finding out the coronavirus isn’t their fault 
Brexit day Tax paying day Coronavirus hits the UK day "Can't believe it's still January" day Transfer deadline-day and we've signed no one day
She’s one of Toronto’s great heroes. During the SARS outbreak, Dr. Sheela Basrur was the one who kept Toronto together during an extremely difficult time. Now with novel coronavirus, we need to apply those same ideas,  …
. @Nigel_Farage: Chinese money  corrupted the British system, and BoJo has gone with the flow on this one: one of the worst judgments I've ever seen in my life. #BrexitDay #coronavirus  
Is coronavirus contagious? Should you be worried? Will drinking alcohol reduce your risk of contracting the condition? This is everything you need to know about the coronavirus. 
Toronto's first coronavirus patient has now been released from hospital  #Toronto #Coronavirus 
Coronavirus outbreak: China reaches out to India for N95 masks - Madurai manufacturers working extra hours...  via @economictimes
Here's a  for the rate of spread between the Wuhan #CoronaVirus and #SARS. See the difference. Just to put this in perspective: #SARS from 160 to 5000 cases in ~35 days #CoronaVirus from 120 to 5000 cases in ~11 days 
#ICYMI A ten-year-old boy helps his father pack emergency lights into boxes, which will be sent to the construction site of the second makeshift hospital dedicated to #coronavirus treatment in 
[OPINION] This coronavirus is new. But the diseases of xenophobia and racism are not. And as history has shown, outbreaks of the latter are potentially harder to contain, and far more lethal. 
hello i’m here to remind you that saying you’re going to get the coronavirus from buying anything from china or just by simply interacting with asian people is racist and you should stop right now immediately
Coronavirus may have originated from China but it has spread in many other countries. Everyone should be screened properly, not just  from China.
Delta Airlines have suspended all flights to China due to the coronavirus.  …
American and Delta Airlines suspending all U.S.- #China flights due to #coronavirus concerns. American $AAL stopping flights through Mar 27. Delta $DAL through Apr 30.
Today, we joined an inter-ministerial meeting & press briefing convened by the Honourable Minister @fmoh, Dr Osagie Ehanire on strengthening preparedness for the novel #coronavirus We are working closely with government institutions to reduce the risk of importation to 
yall are so worried about the coronavirus but won’t even get the flu shot - a vaccine that prevents a virus that kills thousands of people annually send tweet
Dow tumbles 400 points. Traders blame Coronavirus uncerainty, but I blame it on Trump uncertainty. #TrumpCrash - 'Stocks decline as coronavirus keeps traders on edge' -  #FridayFeeling
It's understandable to be alarmed by #Coronavirus. But no amount of fear can excuse prejudice & discrimination against people of Asian descent. Let's #FightRacism, call out hatred & support each other in this time of a public health emergency. 
My boyfriend's mom has been staying with us all week and I've been seriously exercising my  muscles. So far I've explained: - Why basic science research isn't a waste of money - That the flu has killed more people than coronavirus - Why 5G is not going to kill birds
Those Coronavirus masks aren’t cheap
. @afa_cwa is calling for clear direction from our government to U.S. airlines to pull down all flights to China until the spread of coronavirus is contained. Read the full statement.  …
Dr. Liang Wudong, who died treating Coronovirus patients in China. He was treating Patients despite knowing he may not survive. This man deserves Endless Respect for his Bravery. #coronavirus 
GEE.... THAT DIDNT TAKE LONG! ⁦ @BostonGlobe⁩ Deanne Pan links #coronavirus to Racism But in reality exposes BOSTONS true dilemma... #RacismInBoston It’s been going on for years. IM SURPRISED THIS LIBERAL PAPER DIDNT LINK IT TO @POTUS 
Bolivian coup regime's Deputy Minister of Communication likes a tweet spouting perverse remarks on wiping out campesinos, posted by  Christian extremist in Miami: "The first Bolivian to contract the coronavirus has the patriotic mission to infect all of Chapare."  …
#BREAKING Delta, American Airlines temporarily suspend all flights to China amid coronavirus concerns 
Facebook will start removing misinformation about the coronavirus outbreak from its platforms. 
But many in need of medical help are frustrated. There remains a shortage of hospital beds, medical supplies and face masks. One man told us he took his elderly father to 5 or 6 hospitals before he could get him tested for the coronavirus. Even then, they couldn’t secure a bed. 
BREAKING: Delta Air Lines and American Airlines are suspending all flights between the U.S. and China as the coronavirus outbreak spreads. 
good luck coronavirus, we have zillakami on our side 
How many US families donated $33 to develop a coronavirus vaccine? We can’t have nice things bc all we do  about everyone else.  …
If infected people can spread the coronavirus while asymptomatic, it could be harder to trace contacts and contain the epidemic, which is already a global health emergency.  …
When Ebola threatened global health, President Obama appointed a biothreats czar, one person empowered to coordinate a government-wide response. We need the same for the coronavirus. I’m calling for Trump to immediately appoint a global health chief.  …
Do people who have contracted coronavirus return to full health? We've answered your latest questions on the topic  …
Delta and American Airlines halting all routes to China. Sweden, UK and Russia reporting first cases of #coronavirus as Hong Kong, officials closed schools until March as the number of confirmed cases rose to 12 there. China is using drones to shame people into wearing masks.
Dettol knew this  in 2019 #Coronavirus 
San Angelo hoes: I think I got the coronavirus The virus: 
Delta has decided to temporarily suspend all flights from the US to China from February 6 through April 30, due to ongoing concerns related to the Wuhan coronavirus, the airline said in a statement on Friday. 
We’re joining the global research effort to tackle the #coronavirus epidemic Read more from @JeremyFarrar  | 
The racism and xenophobia towards East Asian people since the breakout of coronavirus has been disgusting
Give me this coronavirus pls i cba
#CoronaVirus: External Affairs Minister Dr S Jaishankar speaks to Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi and thanks him for the cooperation extended by the Chinese government for the departure of Indian students and professionals from Wuhan
NEW: @ISARIC1 activates clinical study for novel #coronavirus in England and Scotland  …
Delta Air Lines and American will halt all flights to mainland China over concerns about coronavirus  …
Chinese coronavirus death toll may be higher 'because officials are cremating bodies' 
to prevent the spread of coronavirus: "the method of avoiding contact while greeting, I'll demonstrate it once today" "we will send each other hearts" 
Well naturally this  new arrival will soon be nipped in the bud. Coronavirus might be a global killer pathogen but it’s surely no match for an Australian-style points system. 
Millennials are safe from Coronavirus but hoo boy when the Pabstvirus gets here it's over.
I have nothing more to add. #coronavirus 
If i get the coronavirus i’m coughing on my siblings its only right
MI-7225 MIAT departed to China to take in 31 people from #Wuhan to #Mongolia due to the #coronavirus outbreak. #CoronavirusOutbreak #nCoV2019 #WuhanCoronavius  …
The State Department is warning Americans not to travel to China, one day after the coronavirus was declared a global health emergency. The number of confirmed cases worldwide has risen to nearly 10,000. 
 pledges up to £10 million to accelerate research to support global efforts to tackle the ongoing novel coronavirus epidemic.  @WHO
Coronavirus-hit StayCity hotel in York remained OPEN for 2 days despite Chinese  of Coronavirus-type symptoms. How many more infected are roaming Britain's streets? 
US air carriers @Delta and @AmericanAir announced on Friday flight suspensions to and from China over #coronavirus concerns.  …
The recent outbreak of coronavirus is a stark reminder of the persistent threats posed by infectious diseases. As President, I will make sure that the United States continues to lead the global fight to prevent, detect and respond to pandemics. Read more:  …
How bad could the coronavirus outbreak get? Here are 6 key factors.  
India bans export of protective masks, clothing amid coronavirus outbreak  
Live from DC, is me talking climate change, Clay Christensen, Coronavirus and the tech earnings. Here’s one column for @nytopinion I did:   …
Botswana confirms first suspected case of #coronavirus. #SouthAfricaTonight with @UvekaR Courtesy 
#WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak Nearly 10,000 Cases as More Nations Shut their Borders World Health Organization @WHO finally declared #coronavirus now a #GlobalHealthEmergency Over 19 countries infected! You could have stopped flights sooner! @CDCgov @POTUS  …
MUST READ #PrayForChina #PrayForWuhan #PrayForHumanity #PrayForTheWorld #coronavirus 
If coronavirus was a dynasty it would be called Gandhi-Vadra dynasty  …
Why China's coronavirus is more dangerous for the global economy than SARS was in 2003  via @BW
I gon on Facebook and seeing so many academically intelligent people saying we hadda cancel Carnival because of Coronavirus... We does just blindly consume information, scramble it, spit it out and call that an opinion.
Coronavirus UK: Brit bus  unfazed next to man in full hazmat suit  …
India bans export of protective masks, clothing amid coronavirus outbreak 
Chinese put swastika on Danish flag over coronavirus flag row  via @MailOnline
Virgin Galactic green as people realize flying to space may be the best way to survive coronavirus
UC Berkeley just posted an advisory warning students that racism and xenophobia are "common reactions" to coronavirus... 
Given the severity of the coronavirus in China and its rapid spread across the region, as well as the mounting public fear, it’s imperative that this disease is contained:  …
American Airlines suspends flights to China amid rising death toll from unprecedented coronavirus  
My friend's auntys neighbors daughters coworker said her cousin's friends mom is at kapiolani for Coronavirus
More leaked videos from #China... #coronavirus claims more victims. The death toll is way above officially reported! 
The "talk" is stocks are crashing because of coronavirus spread. And that is part of problem. But that's been in news all week. The main reason for today's crash is investors fleeing as the GOP make TRUMP SUPREME RULER. Let's see if Fed stock purchases can turn market around.  …
9776 confirmed cases. Folks, these are trailing numbers. Ten days AFTER you get infected and ten days AFTER you’ve been contagious and spread the coronavirus, you seek medical attention because you start feeling sick. We should have shut  flights a week ago.  …
So Elizabeth Warren blames Trump for the Coronavirus. Seriously?? She's professed herself to be 1/1024% Scientist The very Open Borders policies she pushes would bring so much more! Hypocrite! What do you guys think about this???  …
Asia’s tourist spots brace for leaner times as coronavirus keeps Chinese visitors at home 
India bans exports of all kinds of personal protection equipment, including clothing and masks used to protect people from airborne particles. #Coronavirus 
PSA: Any mutual I see spreading sensationalized takes, news coverage, or otherwise contributing to the incredibly racist and Euro-supremacist coverage of coronavirus, I am not going to tell you not to, I am just going to block you. This IS your warning. You know better by now.
First confirmed case of Human-to-Stock transmission of the coronavirus 
PM Trudeau spoke with U.S. President Trump today, the prime minister's office says. It says they spoke about NAFTA ratification and the coronavirus outbreak. They also talked about China's detention of Michael Kovrig and Michael Spavor and the need for their immediate release.
For @AnetaMikulasova and me today is not about #Brexit or #Coronavirus, it is all about a boy: the birth of our beautiful son Leo! Many thanks to the amazing staff @NewcastleHosps #somegoodnews #magical 
I have just had a teleconference with Public Helath England, the Council and York Outer MP concerning the incident of Novel Coronavirus, and can confirm that action is being taken to contact people who have had contact with the patients. I will be having further updates.
Just arrived in Wuhan, the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak, which has been under lockdown for more than a week now. The mood among locals: anxiety, flashes of anger & frustration, and extreme boredom. Here I am getting my temperature measured in a hotel lobby. 
Six air crew members have been placed under medical surveillance after having close contact with #coronavirus patients, yet Cathay Dragon refuses to suspend flights to mainland China. Union considering to go on strike, Apple Daily reports.  …
"China's efforts in fighting #coronavirus are exemplary. A 'small' virus can't tear us apart. If we stay in solidarity, we have no fear for any challenges&can defeat the virus," said Dr. M. Ludwig, Mayor of Vienna at the Spring Festival Reception held for  today. 
The anti-Asian sentiment is increasingly growing since the outbreak of the #coronavirus - and racist jokes are polluting the internet. Let’s stop. In moments like these, we need to stand up for each other against racism and not play into White Supremacy.  …
Um this isn't bigger news?! Chemical warfare?! Has connections to the same providence in China where the ground zero for the Coronavirus is?!  …
WATCH: Mask factory in Thailand goes on overdrive to meet demand #ncov #coronavirus 
#BREAKING: @AmericanAir cancels all flights to mainland China through March 27 after the State Department warns travelers about the spread of #coronavirus.
#BREAKING American Airlines lawyer Lars Berg walked back into the courtroom and announced — American Airlines is cancelling all flights to mainland China beginning today until March 27th. #coronavirus @wfaa @News8Daybreak @AmericanAir
I chatted with #MeenaBot about the #coronavirus and her advice is to see a doctor sooner rather than later. I guess it's not a bad one & hope everyone is well! On the other hand, Meena is also excited about technology, especially VR! 
Yes Mikey @HorsemanCoaches with superhuman drivers who require zero protection against the #Coronavirus collect the Britons evacuated from Wuhan as they arrive in UK at RAF Brize Norton on way to Arrowe Park Hospital on the Wirral where they will be quarantined for 14 days. 
Where my hippie moms at! I’m rooting for you #coronavirus 
“This government doesn't care if #HongKongers live or die. You still support this regime?”, #Wuhan #Coronavirus related graffiti on Lennon Wall. The refusal of closing the border w/ China is very likely causing #CoronavirusOutbreak in #HongKong. (Total 13 cases at the 
We are at a critical phase in the #coronavirus outbreak. Join us at our special #GlobalHealth Lecture series session on Mon 3 Feb, where our researchers will be providing expert guidance to those responding to the outbreak around the globe. Register  
Is the coronavirus panic turning the UK into a hostile environment for east Asians? 
#coronavirus In just 10 days, scientists in #China have reportedly developed a rapid nucleic test kit that can detect 2019-nCoV coronavirus in under 15 min The test is reportedly mass-manufactured at a rate of 4,000 kits per day with the first batch deployed to  …
A Pakistani student in Wuhan, Fawad Zaman says the fear of coronavirus is like watching a wildfire spreading fast."I m afraid & stuck in my room for the last 13 days.Govt.should send a team & if we are clear,send us back like the Indian & Bangladeshi students who were sent back." 
Beijing has joined Shanghai in extending official holidays here for all but essential services, food production etc for another week. Work to re-start on 10th of February. #Coronavirus #China
Delta is suspending flights to and from China over concerns about the coronavirus 
Professor Chris Whitty @CMO_England provides an update on #coronavirus. Keep up to date with the latest information and advice:  
Germany: sends military plane to evacuate German nationals. Nigeria: make una  for house o! Coronavirus: Dabiri-Erewa urges Nigerians in China to stay indoors  …
Hard to be heard over the heckling on ⁦ @CTV_PowerPlay⁩ last night but my point remains: while the #Coronavirus is concerning we need to #StayCalm & ensure there is no racist backlash. #WeAreCanadians ⁦⁦ @liberal_party⁩ ⁦⁦⁦ @telfordk⁩ ⁦ 
Facebook says it will start taking down bogus claims about purported "cures" and other unproven theories surrounding the coronavirus, as the deadly outbreak continues to spread globally 
More leaked videos from #China... #coronavirus claims more victims. 
With the growing threat of the #Coronavirus, we must take every precaution. We should ensure Americans in China can get home safely, but I’m calling on @POTUS to restrict  travel to and from China until this crisis ends. We can’t take unnecessary  …
Today, coronavirus has infected at least 9,776 people, with 213 deaths, almost all of them (204) from the Hubei province, home to the city of Wuhan. It is spreading at alarming rates  
Amid fears stoked by the coronavirus, "Contagion" -- a 2011 movie about a pandemic with potentially eerie similarities to recent events -- has been climbing up the iTunes rental charts. 
#CoronaVirus will effect the world economy I am sure MSM will find a way to blame Trump They always do  …
Jammu administration: All persons who have a travel history to China or South East Asia since 1 January 2020  forward for Health check-up at nearest Health Centre if they experience any symptoms such as fever, cough, respiratory distress etc. #Coronavirus
Everyone nervous about the Coronavirus: 5 people in Allegheny county alone have died from the flu. Get your flu shot.
This graphic via NY Times tells you all you need to know about #coronavirus It's about as contagious as Spanish flu (R0 = 2-3) but an order of magnitude less deadly  to 10%). Conclusion: chances of a really bad pandemic are quite low. @lfspinney 
All @PLOS journals are  to  statement on rapid sharing of research data and findings relevant to #coronavirus ( #nCoV2019). Preprints, rapid and open dissemination always our goal, and stepping up efforts in outbreaks  …
- #CoronaVirus : Botswana registers it’s first suspected case. 
Read more about the symptoms and the risks of #coronavirus here:  
2% of people with the Coronavirus die.. this y’all global epidemic?
Commenting on US adding China to travel warning Level 4, highest level, amid #coronavirus outbreak, Chinese FM called it a "dishonest act” as Chinese people strive to fight the epidemic and Chinese govt is being responsible by sharing info with  in transparent way 
Infectious diseases are expected to  more of a problem in  years due to climate change. The first line of defense against an epidemic is a robust, public health care system - this makes #MedicareForAll a climate justice issue. #coronavirus  …
Indian Army has created a Coronavirus quarantine facility near Manesar for monitoring around 300  from Wuhan in China.  …
Geordie doctors trying to cure coronavirus  …
UK pharmacies see spike in hand sanitiser sales and more demand for face masks following coronavirus outbreak 
Ermmm, did they run out of Personal Protective Clothing for the bus drivers taking the people quarantined because of #Coronavirus? The medic is ready for 28 days later. All the bus driver has is his safety tie. 
Canada's 1st #coronavirus patient, hospitalized on Jan. 23, has been discharged from @Sunnybrook hospital  … via @cbcnews #nCoV2019
. @BBSRC and @The_MRC are pleased to be signatories of this important joint statement on sharing research data and findings relevant to the novel #coronavirus (nCoV) outbreak.  …
This is in the infected districts and government run health care where people would literally take a day to see the doctor if they get in !!Think about that before you let the government give you health care #TornadoTrump #coronavirus 
HOW TO KILL THE CORONAVIRUS Period .  via @YouTube @VincentCrypt46 @sine_injuria @RealMattCouch @Blue2Reaganite @atensnut I’d  copying this before it’s deleted... This is consistent with what I have learned over the years.
Delta Airlines will suspend ALL flights to China from February 6 to April 30 due to the 'ongoing concerns' over coronavirus  
BREAKING: First case of coronavirus confirmed in Sweden.
LATEST:  • Coronavirus sickens nearly 10,000; Chinese officials say 213 people have died • UK confirms the first two cases • US State Dept. advises against all travel to China • WHO declares the outbreak a global health emergency
Here was me thinking the worst thing to arrive in Newcastle today was the coronavirus.  …
PUBLIC HEALTH ADVISORY The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control issues a SECOND advisory to #Nigerians on the novel #coronavirus outbreak Read via:  
Today, CIHR signs  with  and 65 other signatories to share research data and findings relevant to the novel #coronavirus outbreak.  …
Talking drones are flying around in China ordering people to put on face masks and chasing them back home. Not sure how this warrants  exclamation point from any perspective. #coronavirus  …
All you medical students are useless, can't even find the cure to Coronavirus
If you want a Future on this earth with the Coronavirus you better keep that mask on
Air India carrier Jumbo 747 is evacuating Indians from Wuhan, the site of outbreak of Coronavirus in China. Wishing all the best to the National Carrier @airindiain for the important mission #coronavirus  …
India should also follow the same: Shipments of smartphones halted to Russia as coronavirus epidemic spreads – media  …
Things which can save you from Coronavırus - 1) Use hand sanitizer. 2) Regularly and thoroughly clean surfaces. 3) Avoid touching your face with unwashed hands. 4) Stay away from people who watch Republic TV.
In the midst of the Coronavirus, Taiwan’s exclusion from the @WHO greatly inhibits the ability for a coordinated, global response. This is yet another ploy by the CCP to isolate Taiwan from the 
Any other proof that they don't really care about us? @KunleBajo and @TheICIR just gave us one. EMBARRASSING: Website of Nigerian embassy in China last updated in 2013 despite coronavirus outbreak  
S&P 500 drops 1% as coronavirus worries hit markets  
This is an interesting (albeit quite stressful) time to be an Infectious Diseases physician..not many specialities are this fast moving! I wouldn't have chosen anything else... #IDTwitter #coronavirus #2019nCoV
Russia reports first two coronavirus cases, to evacuate citizens from China  …
Instead of getting panicked and spreading panic, please refer to this WHO site. They have every conceivable information of #CoronaVirus. Myths are answered with facts and seriousness of this virus is explained in detail. Please RT for awareness.  …
Iran suspends all flights to and from China due to coronavirus 
BREAKING: @Delta and @AmericanAir to suspend flights to #China due to #coronavirus
Kerala Health Minister K.K Shylaja: The condition of the #coronavirus patient is improving. There are no symptoms right now. Today, sample of the patient has been sent to the National Institute of Virology in Pune. If sample is negative, the disease can  cured. 
Cyberpunk 2077 reveal next week may have been derailed by the coronavirus outbreak  
This little baby is facing the #coronarovirus Please Allah paak have mercy #coronavirus 
#BREAKING Canada's 1st coronavirus patient discharged from Toronto's Sunnybrook hospital #cdnpoli #topoli Also coronavirus developments in UK, Russia, Italy, Singapore, Mongolia, Thailand  
NEW: Delta will suspend all flights to China due to health concerns related to the coronavirus outbreak,  the first U.S. carrier to take such action 
Treating Pakistanis in China like our own amid corona epidemic: Wang Yi #ARYNews #Coronavirus  …
The day a Dog got its brain melted #coronavirus 
In just 10 days, scientists in China have reportedly developed a rapid nucleic test kit that can detect 2019-nCoV coronavirus in under 15 min The test is reportedly mass-manufactured at a rate of 4,000 kits per day with the first batch deployed to #Wuhan  
On reinfection: "People who had already had the virus would have developed antibodies but ... antibodies may not remain for long so there is still a risk that these recovered patients will be infected again." Zhan Quingyuan, #coronavirus  …
However much we thank you, it’s less !! Thank you @adgpi, we know you never have and you never will fail us .. be the need during a war or even during peace !! #CoronaVirus  
Deeply concerning model just published in @TheLancet by Hong Kong researchers says 75,800 people in Wuhan may have been infected with #coronavirus as of January 25th and outbreaks in other Chinese cities will sustain exponential spread outside Wuhan.  …
#China #coronavirus #Vegan Wealthy #Chinese food blogger about to tear up a bat and eat it. Aren't bats facing #extinction 
FLASH: @Botswana Has Confirmed It's First Suspected Case After The New Coronavirus Has Been Declared A Global Emergency By The World Health Organisation 
Highlight: “I advise people to avoid it all together,” Loncar Investments Chief Executive Officer @bradloncar says about a coronavirus vaccine. “There’s two things that  are always looking for: attention and cash.” 
Balbir Singh Sidhu, Punjab Health&Family Welfare Minister: A total of 1804 passengers have been screened for Novel #Coronavirus at Amritsar&Mohali airports as well as border check posts of Attari&Dera Baba Nanak so far. No symptomatic or suspected case has been reported yet.
meanwhile ill-educated inhumane Liberal Party leaders plus their well oiled drug-funded trolling machinery wanted much more nevermind if the one extending help is the suffering victim of coronavirus #OUSTLENI2020  …
#BREAKING: @Delta to temporarily suspend all U.S. flights to China amid #coronavirus concerns.  …
This is how I envision the coronavirus  …
the very same DDS who fabricated a public panic out of dengvaxia — which isn’t transmittable and had no proven casualties — are now telling us that coronavirus is not something to worry about. nakakadiri sila
The one upside of coronavirus is white men leaving azn women alone
CNN Whines About ‘Lack of Diversity’ In Trump’s Coronavirus Task Force  … via @NYJooo
As part of  to support the global response to emerging outbreaks, we’ve signed a joint statement  to sharing research data and findings relevant to the novel #coronavirus outbreak. Learn more on our website. 
Sixty-two countries have implemented some form of immigration control on Chinese citizens, as the deadly coronavirus has spread from Wuhan -- capital of China's Hubei province -- around the world. 
JUST IN: Delta suspends ALL flights to China over coronavirus concerns from February 6th - April 30th. 
#IndustryHitBIGIL100Days #Bigil #Rayappan #Bigilae #coronavirus is ultimate. Do watch the Meme. Fun Guaranteed Gubeer 
Had a sad and traumatic death of a younger patient this season from the flu. Mother invited us all to the memorial service, and called to thank us. Also went on a tirade about how the death must have been a cover up by the government of the coronavirus, and not the flu.
If you are worried about catching the #coronavirus #2019nCoV don't panic, and don't horde face masks. The easiest, effective and free tool is SOCIAL DISTANCING. Check it  …
Coronavirus doctor: 'full hazmat suit for me.' Bus driver taking Britons to their quarantine zone in the Wirral:  tie and jumper as usual will be fine, thanks'.  
Scientists at last found the origin of coronavirus.They say, the first victim of this virus had shook hands with a mentally challenged stand  in Mumbai & when he reached back Wuhan, he was diagnosed with this virus. China has asked India to put  in a cage
#coronavirusuk #coronavirus #BorisJohnson @MattHancock why are the bus drivers escorting the UK citizens from #wuhan not wearing any protective gear? There is a medic in a hazmat suit next to them! They will have to go into quarantine. This is a serious breach in public safety 
Outbreaks of xenophobia in west as coronavirus spreads  …
BREAKING: The patient with Canada's first confirmed case of coronavirus has been discharged from Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre in Toronto. 
Coronavirus USA vs Coronavirus Canada This is exactly half of a  
CORONAVIRUS LIVE UPDATES: Currently 9,776 Infected, 213 Deaths Globally Wuhan’s Mayor said containment of the virus is “severe   … via @SaraCarterDC
Delta has decided to temporarily suspend all U.S. to China flying beginning Feb. 6 through April 30 due to ongoing concerns related to the coronavirus, the airline said in a news release on Friday.
Coronavirus coach drivers give ZERO f*cks! 
MORE: First Canadian diagnosed with coronavirus discharged from Sunnybrook  
While the Dems have wasted time & taxpayer dollars on the impeachment sham, @realDonaldTrump has continued working for the country: USMCA Middle East Peace Plan Human Trafficking Summit Opioid Overdose Deaths Down GDP Growth Exceeds Predictions Coronavirus Task Force
The WHO has declared the #CoronavirusOutbreak a global health emergency. Here’s what it really means. #coronavirus 
. @SenTedCruz calls for China travel ban over coronavirus outbreak: “Given the severity of the coronavirus in China and its rapid spread across the region, as well as the mounting public fear, it’s imperative that this disease is contained." 
Quranavirus has ki!!ed more people than Coronavirus  …
Sakurai Caster reported the new coronavirus #2019nCoV. Key points:- - Symptoms may be mild at first, asymptomatic, or atypical such as diarrhea or conjunctivitis - Infecting others during the infected's incubation period is possible - IMPORTANT: Wash hands. Gargle. Wear 
when that kpop boy felt sad because their concert in Thailand was postponed due to coronavirus but their fans still cheering him up
As part of Dog Meat Free Indonesia coalition we have written to President @jokowi calling for a wildlife & dog meat market ban: "we urge you to please take preventative and proactive measures to make sure #Indonesia is not the next point of origin of a deadly virus." #Coronavirus  …
omg the authorities just confirmed a case of coronavirus in MY TOWN 
BREAKING: 2019 Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) CT findings are featured in this new Images in Radiology.  #CoronaVirus 
“Coronavirus is no big deal, they’re just blowing it out of proportion!” I’ve seen this so much the last few days. I’m just going to go out on a limb & say the largest economy in the world wouldn’t be quarantined, losing out on billions of dollars a day, if it wasn’t a big deal.
BREAKING: Delta Air Lines says it will suspend all U.S.-China flights starting Feb. 6 through April 30 due to the coronavirus outbreak. 
Coronavirus evacuation: case for $1000 Morrison caught out again with blatant dishonesty EXCLUSIVE A passenger on the Australian gov evacuation flight from Egypt in 2011 says he was not asked to pay ⁦ @Ausshot3Dave⁩ ⁦  …
#coronavirus #Myanmar turns back a #Chinese flight from Guangzhou Passenger with symptoms quarantined in Yangon but China Southern jet sent home with almost everyone on board on Friday after one passenger had flu symptoms No fooling around  …
A graph is worth a thousand letters. #coronavirus. Source: NYTimes  
Dig It! Podcast with @TheSpeaker2018, @TheSharpEdge1, and @CoreysDigs. Packed full! • My new book on AIDS $90B taxpayer $• Coronavirus new info • Bolton • Trump dinner leak • Impeachment and more! Don't miss it!  …
#Cartoon of the Day: While the Chinese #Communist police state might be effective at thought control, it is  with regard to containing #CoronaVirus. 
#BREAKING: Sunnybrook Hospital says the patient who was hospitalized last week with coronavirus has been discharged.
Here’s a pic of our wonderful on-board Wuhan Consulate General and evacuation team - heroes! #coronavirus #ukevac @ukinchina 
CNN condemns @realDonaldTrump's coronavirus task force as not being diverse enough! While CNN and Democrats are focused on diversity Trump is solving the world's problems and getting things done with the best results we've seen from any president in history!
A "wet market" in Wuhan, China, is being named as a probable source of the coronavirus outbreak. Here's a look at what wet markets are — and why disease researchers say they can be problematic 
Xi-Jinping is coughing! He should be quarantined for 14 days! Maybe he got that #coronavirus?  …
Coronavirus. Coach transport for evacuees to the Wirral. Could someone please explain why the nursing professional sitting next to the driver has a full protection suit but the coach driver is in normal dress with not even a face mask. Pure craziness.
India starts evacuation of Indians from Wuhan, China following outbreak of novel #Coronavirus. First special flight of #AirIndia, Jumbo 747 with 15 cabin and five cockpit crew members reached Wuhan for evacuation. The double-decker aircraft is configured with 423 seats. 
Online searches show why Microsoft & Amazon are concerned re #CoronaVirus: Each employs 6,000+ China-born graduates. They got the high-$$jobs via H-1B & OPT visas. Many have green cards. Surely this cannot have any impact at all on US grads' salaries. 
Trump says coronavirus outbreak is 'all under control' and a 'very small problem' in US. He also told us none of our troops were hurt after Iran attacked an Iraqi air base. Now there are 64 soldiers with traumatic brain injuries.   …
Ghanaian students in China might die of hunger instead of Coronavirus.  … #Oktranking #Falaa
'Burning Bodies In Secret' - New Accounts From Wuhan Detail Coronavirus Outbreak | Zero Hedge  …
Timelapse video shows the construction of makeshift hospital Leishenshan for #coronavirus patients in Wuhan. 55% of the construction  The hospital is expected to receive patients on Feb 6. 
Tech Talks #1040 - Jio 2020 Cash Back, Instagram Hack, Coronavirus, 80W Charging, JioTV Camera  via @YouTubeIndia
17 cities in China are on lockdown because of the coronavirus, affecting 50M people. Trucks have been allowed to deliver food and supplies. Wuhan (which has a bigger population than NYC) has closed schools, subways and most of downtown, forcing people to walk or bike. 
STRUGGLE IS REAL: While the cold temperature  feeling for many, this will surely be a struggle when taking a bath in the early morning. Authorities are reminding us to always take a bath as part of proper body hygiene amid the novel #coronavirus outbreak. 
Kenyan Airways suspends flights to China amid coronavirus outbreak  
What we know #LKA #CoronaVirus. 16 suspected (Pending results) 8 at IDH (4 Foreigners, 4 SL) 2 at Ratnapura, 5 at Kandy, 1 at Karapitiya hospitals 1 positive case (Recovered) 12 hospitals standby Officials ask not to panic 
fam ngl i’m starting to finish hate for love when coronavirus germany in the UK but it’s actually narcissistic because it’s jarring and beautiful but i’m not really bothered so i’m just sleeping about it, we move tho
Talking about the elaborate prank on Chief Justice Roberts, Coronavirus malfeasance, and other fun stuff with coffee  …
South Korea’s chartered flight carrying 300+ of its nationals from #Wuhan, China, has landed in Seoul amid a #CoronavirusOutbreak. They will be quarantined at 2 temporary facilities #coronavirus #우한교민 
#HCPs: for CDC interim guidance on testing and management of #2019nCoV, as well as guidance for infection control of patients hospitalized or being evaluated by a healthcare provider, see  #coronavirus 
guys anti-Chinese racism is not the most dangerous thing about the coronavirus, the prospect of a series of epidemics that kills thousands of people and the massive disruption to ordinary life in China is.
This new modelling study estimates 75,800 individuals in the Chinese city of Wuhan may have been infected with 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) as of January 25, 2020 - but authors caution that the true size of the epidemic remains unclear  
Alternate headline: Coronavirus task force as diverse as Democratic presidential field  …
NEW #coronavirus research: Modelling study estimates potential domestic and international spread of the 2019-nCoV outbreak originating in Wuhan, China. All Lancet #coronavirus content is fully and freely available at our 2019-nCoV Resource Centre  
Everyone could use a good laugh on Friday! Girlfriend frantically pours bottles of CORONA away apparently claiming they spread Coronavirus in bizarre video  …
People walking around Toronto in surgical masks have a far greater chance of dying crossing the street than they do contracting the coronavirus let alone dying from it
1/2 AFP: China's delayed response to the discovery of a new coronavirus infection worsened the epidemic, the most senior official from the city at the centre of the outbreak said Friday.
BREAKING: Italy suspends air traffic with China, declares state of emergency over coronavirus  …
Chinese officials in rural areas are creatively using #drones to make sure local residents don‘t gather together without wearing masks during the nationwide battle against the #coronavirus.  
A moment of thought for the entire crew of @airindiain who’ve flown out to get 400+ Indians stranded in #Wuhan without worrying about their own health getting inflicted with #CoronaVirus. We pray & wish they all remain safe and unaffected while helping India 
This morning, Sunnybrook discharged home the patient who was hospitalized last week with novel coronavirus:  …
Young Actor Goes Viral for Taking Care of His Taxi Driver Father in the Midst of Coronavirus Outbreak  …
According to @TheLancet, 14 of the original 40 #coronavirus patients had no contact with the seafood market where it “originated.” China isn’t telling the full truth, and that should alarm everyone. 
Last week, I asked federal health & security officials about travel to & from #China given #coronavirus. With worsening conditions since then, it’s time to consider restricting all  travel to and from China. Public health must be paramount  …
Infectious disease expert Ana Ferreira said China's rapid response to the novel coronavirus is a model for handling of virus outbreaks. "The example to follow is after identifying the epicenter of virus, China succeeded in isolating millions of people to prevent new infections".
Ted Cruz calls for coronavirus travel ban on China 
RwandAir has suspended flights to Guangzhou, China over coronavirus.
Twenty novel #coronavirus patients were discharged from Jinyintan Hospital in Wuhan on Friday, the highest number of recovered patients at one time. Their ages range from 15 to 64
Welp...coronavirus just met its match  …
In this report, investigators in Germany detected the spread of the novel coronavirus from a person who had recently traveled from China to Germany for a business trip. This transmission occurred before the apparent onset of illness in the index patient. #2019nCoV
BREAKING: Confirmed coronavirus cases in Singapore rises to 16.
Given the severity of the coronavirus in China and its rapid spread across the region, as well as the mounting public fear, it's imperative that this disease is contained.
The Chinese government’s efforts to stop the coronavirus outbreak could push some of the country’s already struggling small businesses over the edge 
See they'v struck the earth with terrific plagues | Plague of Locusts | Coronavirus we'v SEEN! And in our hearing called down The #GrandUltimateVisitation of YAHWEH. Is MOSES The Friend of GOD walking the EARTH! Revelation 
Maybe 5 years from now Hollywood would make a movie about Coronavirus originating from Wuhan, China. Just like they’ve made CONTAGION (2011) based on the 1990s Nipah virus from Malaysia. Nominated for a Saturn Award for Best Horror Film. And as usual, many may soon forget it 
#WHO said it is declaring the #China #coronavirus #outbreak that has killed 170 people in China a #global #emergency, as cases spread to 18 
UPDATED. Nearly 10,000 people have been infected in China by the new #coronavirus and new cases are found abroad, with more than 20 countries now affected by the disease.  …
Coronavirus: Virologist reveals the science behind fight to find vaccine for global outbreak  …
The politics of the coronavirus. Our irrational belief in equality is more important than public health. 
URGENT NOTICE TO ALL INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS FROM CHINA. Kindly adhere to the guidelines to ensure the safety and health of you and IIUM Community. Thank you for your cooperation. May Allah bless us and our loved ones. #LeadingTheWay #IIUM #Coronavirus 
Creepy #coronavirus  …
Beijing begins to renovate its hospital Xiaotangshan, formerly used to quarantine #SARS patients, as a precaution in the face of the novel #coronavirus outbreak. 
Hong Kong leader denies calls to close border amid coronavirus fears  
Democrats are to decisions what the Coronavirus is to humans. We must make it our mission to oust as many Democrats as possible from each and every form of American governmental entities.  …
Botswana confirms first suspected case of coronavirus  …
"Dr. Andrew W. Saul, an international expert on vitamin therapy, says, “The coronavirus can be dramatically slowed or  with the immediate widespread use of high doses of vitamin C.  …
since some folks are staying indoors and only eating instant noodles bc of coronavirus fears. here's how to do it like a pro  …
#China | Citizens are being discriminated against abroad all due to fear-mongering over the #Coronavirus #WuhanCoronavirus #coronaviruschina 
#Coronavirus Contagion! Cases confirmed in the UK as the World Heath Organization declares a global emergency. @drsanjaygupta and @David_Culver report the latest on 
The first uk city to be infected by the #coronavirus is my city newcastle I'm selling these xrp Corona virus face masks... get them fast before they run out 
5 tips to prevent the spread of the coronavirus @shaunking @kiranshaw @anandmahindra @manishm345 @Joselyn_Dumas @UNFPAasia @RobertoValentUN @JoseEstayN @rbalsaud @bhumipednekar @DrWaheedArian @deespeak @_PriyankaCRaina @kapoors_s @VincentCoyle1 
I'm really glad how they're taking BTS and ARMY's health into consideration due to the coronavirus outbreak . Guys , please stay safe and healthy 
We're still figuring out the number for the novel coronavirus. Great article here on  behind that.  …
Factbox: Airlines suspend China flights due to coronavirus  
Beware of false reports circulating about coronavirus. There is no confirmed case of coronavirus at Cal State LA. For official updates, visit  and follow 
A hotel in Lai Chi Kok informed guests that their  will be used by Hong Long Government for “medical purposes”. The hotel is just blocks away from Mei Foo Sun Chuen, a large private housing estate with 70,000-80,000 residents. #WuhanPneumonia #coronavirus 
Kama unapeana alternative number ya msee utumiwe pesa juu uko na fuliza Feel proud to be Kenyan, the rest you can use your finances to go fight Coronavirus with Bill Gates
This  predicted #coronavirus cases and actual confirmed cases and deaths till Jan 29th. The projection predicts the number of cases throughout February if the current measures remain the same. 
UPDATE: Worldwide there are now more than 9,800 coronavirus cases and 213 deaths, according to Johns Hopkins University.  
A photo of Dr. Lyu Jun with his loved one before heading to #wuhan city of #China for treating patients with #coronavirus. So sad! 
AOA's Seolhyun caught up in Coronavirus controversy due to post by food columnist Hwang Gyo Ik  
Important Graphic. Note the log scale, the upper mortality rate of the novel coronavirus isn't actually close to Spanish Flu, SARS, or Polio.  …
German coronavirus cases climb to six after child infected. All the latest updates:  
What is coronavirus, the symptoms, transmission and prevention are all listed below, rt to save a life 
#WuhanCoronovirus Financial Impacts: The #coronavirus #outbreak is impacting automaker factories in #China. Tesla's newest Gigafactory in Shanghai to close Toyota idles China facilities GM, Ford, Fiat Chrysler and VW place travel restrictions  
Another important report from Caixin, this time looking at the dire situation in the cities surrounding Wuhan. They're facing widespread coronavirus outbreaks and dangerous supply shortages, but are lower down the totem pole and Wuhan is being prioritized  
Hong Kong's government considers using electronic devices to track suspected coronavirus patients that require home isolation 
Heroes of @airindiain - The Cockpit crew of Air India Special Air Mission to Wuhan, VT ESP 'Ajanta' - Each of them and the flight crew deserve a special mention, appreciation  for flying into a biohazard war zone, Wuhan, China. #coronavirus  …
If the US government does not ban  flights from China to curb the Coronavirus, how many American deaths would it take to prevent Trump from being reelected? I think the number is around ten. #coronavirus
Get up close with Huoshenshan Hospital: The first SARS treatment-model hospital being built in Wuhan will be put into use on Monday. #coronavirus 
Recovered coronavirus patients still at risk of reinfection and need to strengthen protection: doctor  
China is trying its utmost and taking unprecedented measures to fight coronavirus. Though the situation is still serious, we have full confidence and capacity to win this battle. International cooperation is indispensible at the moment. #WHO, #coronavirus 
Trump "electoral integrity" troll Kris Kobach, who campaigned for governor in Kansas manning a jeep-mounted fake .50 caliber machine gun, says coronavirus makes a "compelling argument for the wall." Not even Sinclair Lewis thought this depth of dumb could, in fact, happen here.
Coronavirus claims a Canadian victim  #cdnpoli #CTV @CTVNews
BREAKING: Sixth case of coronavirus confirmed in Germany.
Today @NHSEnglandNMD, @PHE_uk and I have updated our advice to medical staff regarding the novel coronavirus.  
News on #coronavirus: @EU_Commission is mobilising €10 million from emergency #H2020 funding to boost urgently needed research into coronavirus. We urge researchers to express their interest by 12 Feb 2020 Link to the  
#Coronavirus: Army sets up facility to quarantine students returning from China's Wuhan READ:  
Finally, my kids are washing their hands without me having to ask! Thanks, CORONAVIRUS #coronavirus
VIDEO: A charter plane carrying evacuees from the Chinese city of #Wuhan, at the centre of the deadly #coronavirus outbreak, lands at RAF base Brize Norton in Oxfordshire, central England, with 83 British citizens and 27 others on board 
Russia announced the first two cases of the novel coronavirus on its territory and imposed sweeping new travel restrictions 
Chinese-Filipinos lament racism, call for unity as new #coronavirus spreads 
Called Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi today to thank him for the cooperation extended by the Chinese government for the departure of Indian students and professionals from Wuhan. As China deals with the #coronavirus challenge, we agreed to stay in touch.
“Stop normalizing racism”: Amid backlash, UC-Berkeley apologizes for listing xenophobia under “common reactions” to coronavirus  …
Singapore said it would stop issuing visas to people with Chinese passports and deny entry to foreigners who had visited China in the past 14 days. There are currently 13 confirmed cases of the coronavirus in Singapore. 
My heart bleeds Look at this baby who had infected with coronavirus, he doesn't even know why he keeps locked inside this room. A baby infected with corona virus in Wuhan, China It's so painful for parents to see their child suffer like this . #coronavirus 
GOT7, a South Korean boy band, has announced that they will not be performing in #Bangkok in February due to #coronavirus and health concerns. Expect more cancellations like this as people start to avoid events and places with big crowds 
A team of 1475 doctors, finally find the origin of Corona Virus #coronavirus 
BREAKING: Botswana's government has confirmed the country's first suspected case of #coronavirus. Read more here: 
Coronavirus - note to readers: we are aware that several media outlets are suggesting two people who stayed in Yorkshire recently have contracted the virus. We are as yet unable to confirm as much with the authorities. Until we do, we will resist carrying that line.
The two makeshift hospitals, Huoshenshan and Leishenshan, designated for #coronavirus treatment in #Wuhan will start treating patients on Feb. 3 and Feb. 6 respectively, says the city's mayor Zhou 
I am waiting for 1. Aasma Shirazi 2. Hamid Mir 3. Talat Hussain 4. Ghareeda Farooqui 5. Javed Chaudhry And the gang to blame the #CoronaVirus on @ImranKhanPTI
India bans export of all kinds of personal protection equipment, including clothing and masks used to protect people from air borne particles, amid coronavirus outbreak in China
UPDATE on #coronavirus testing in the UK: As of 2PM on Friday 31 January 2020, a total of 177 tests have concluded: 175 were confirmed negative. 2 positive. Updates will be published at 2PM daily until further notice. For latest information visit:  
There has only been one confirmed case of the coronavirus at an American college campus, but anxiety is palpable in classes and dorms 
Trump Administration Forms Coronavirus Task Force  …
Doctors dedicated to treating patients, drivers volunteering to help medical staff, citizens voluntarily staying at home in isolation... Find out what it's like to be in Wuhan over the past week during a lockdown. #coronavirus 
Update on Novel #Coronavirus Quarantine centres are being established at Manesar and Chawla Camp. The  Indian passengers will be quarantined for 14 days at the two Quarantine Centres (1/n)  
Continuing with the thread, here's a video of house being sealed, with people being still inside who are suspected of being infected. That's China for you. #coronavirus 
CNN is apparently mad because Snoop Dog is not on the Coronavirus task force  …
Identifying 'Hidden Mickeys' in the Parks: Presented by Fear Top left: Ebola; top right: Measles; bottom left: Coronavirus; bottom right: Mad Cow Disease (R.I.P. Minnie Moo!) 
The international panic over the Wuhan coronavirus has taken another, more familiar form -- the re-emergence of old racist tropes that portray Asians, their food, and their customs as unsafe and  
#WATCH Air India special flight from Delhi lands in Wuhan (China) for the evacuation of Indians. #coronavirus 
Coronavirus has now been detected in the UK. Symptoms include... - Feeling tired - Difficulty breathing - High temperature - Cough If you develop flu like symptoms, please do NOT go to A&E or your GP Call NHS 111. Please RT
Pakistani restaurants open your door for free halal food to all Pakistani students  & also for Chinese's. ZamZam restaurant, wuhan city announced that if you have no money, take free meal & if you want to pay than pay after 10 Feb not yet #coronavirus #friendships 
1/ #WuhanDiary d4 —— 30.01.2020 Dairy of Wuhan under quarantine. Honor to illustrate & translate it. I've grown used to self-censorship & keep my mouth shut in correct times. I feel torn apart by these conflicts all times...I feel sorry for being me. #coronavirus 
If the Coronavirus had originated in Sweden, Liberals would be hysterically demanding that all flights from Sweden cease immediately. Along with all trade ships and goods, as well as legal Swedish immigrants and travelers. But since it started in China: "Stop being racist!"
Although seasonal #influenza causes far more deaths than the new #coronavirus has (thus far), #2019nCoV appears to spread more readily from person-to-person + appears to be more deadly (higher mortality rate in those infected) = VERY bad. @thespybrief   …
is coronavirus already in your country? 
Since I just heard it on the radio, the WHO is pronounced W-H-O, not Who. The Who is a band which is probably not issuing guidelines regarding the coronavirus
1. Chair of Dep. of Chemical Biology. 2. Working for WUHAN Institute of Tech. 3. WUHAN is where coronavirus pandemic starts. 4. No Coincidences.
The #coronavirus outbreak highlights the critical role of infectious disease specialists. Yet very few docs want to specialize in ID. I wrote about the public health emergency no one is talking about:  …
We can to learn this Clever Citizen, Innovate New Method for Hygiene button push #coronavirus #Coronaphobia 
My heart bleeds Look at this baby who had infected with coronavirus, he doesn't even know why he keeps locked inside this room. A baby infected with corona virus in Wuhan, China It's so painful for parents to see their child suffer like this . #coronavirus 
Excellent overview of the #Wuhan #coronavirus. Some key points: More total cases of #2019nCoV than SARS Rate of new cases is accelerating Spreads more easily & is more deadly than seasonal flu Unlike #influenza, NO treatments or  …
The Institute Pasteur in France  the first in the world to sequence  gene of the novel #coronavirus since the outbreak of the epidemic. 
If you're freaking out about Coronavirus , remember that all the data & analysis you  from the WHO, the same bureaucratic morons who have spent decades telling the world meat causes heart disease & promoting poisonous industrial oil & statin pills. 
This is the moment a plane carrying 83 British nationals from Wuhan - the centre of the coronavirus outbreak - lands at RAF Brize Norton in Oxfordshire  
No African country affected yet.. Could genes be at play? Or the environment? #coronavirus #coronarovirus #coronavirusPH #coronavirusindia #coronavirusuk #coronaviruswuhan #WuhanCoronavirusOutbreak #WuhanLockDown #PrayForChina #coronavirusitalia 
Public ire over Hong Kong’s relative inaction amid the coronavirus outbreak grew as neighboring Macau, also a self-governed Chinese territory, stepped up preventive efforts 
The @WHO has officially declared the novel #coronavirus an international public health emergency. It is important to put all the necessary resources into halting the outbreak. #UNICEF is working w/partners to help protect children & families. v/ 
TWICE has cancelled a scheduled fan-sign event in Japan due to coronavirus outbreak The event was scheduled to happen Feb 1 
If the Coronavirus originated in a White country, no one would be crying "racism" over non-whites being afraid  into contact with White people.
Spread this to all general public #Coronavirus declared a public health emergency of international concern by @WHO! More info, including tips on how to stay healthy 
#Italy declares a state of emergency for 6 months due to #coronavirus after confirming 2 cases in Rome 
TWICE have cancelled their Japan fansign on February 1-2 due to the coronavirus outbreak  
. China is cremating bodies in secret, the official coronavirus death toll is “low”, as disturbing new report claims. The thing America has is a president that tells us the truth. President Trump has his thumb on this so I’m not worried... @POTUS  …
AvTalk Ep 76: Airlines and authorities increase their response to #coronavirus, the Boeing #777X makes its first flight, and we discuss what the data tells us—and doesn't tell us—about the crash that killed Kobe Bryant.  
Apparently gangs of zoomers are roaming school hallways forcefully administering coronavirus tests to unsuspecting children. 
Doctors and nurses are bravely saying goodbye to their families as they’re deployed to Wuhan to fight the coronavirus outbreak. Or as it has been described as “coronavirus suicide mission”. #coronavirus 
[PLS RT] i will be opening donations for the coronavirus and all $$will be made to Wenzhou Red Cross Society under Winwin's name. wenzhou is winwin's hometown, it is unheard of but currently wenzhou is ranked #5 in cities in china with 172 cases of corona virus as of 30/1. + 
As of 9:30PM on Friday, #OustDuterte is the third trending topic in the Philippines. What are your thoughts on how the government is responding to the novel #coronavirus outbreak? 
The coronavirus has killed at least 213 people in China and infected 9,800+ globally — a lower mortality rate than SARS. 23 countries have cases No deaths outside China reported WHO says main concern is spread in places with weak health systems 
Actually most of the people who've died of Coronavirus have similar profiles as people who've died from the flu (already sick, very young, elderly, people  immune systems). The two viruses are very closely related.
coronavirus in the uk the day of brexit? I call karma x
Update #CoronaVirus: The UK has announced 83 Britons and 27 foreigners will all land in UK today from Wuhan China. ALL of them will be isolated for two weeks before being released. Chinese people who travelled for holidays return to Nigeria next week. I hope we do the needful.
Twenty recovered #coronavirus patients, aged 15 to 65, were discharged from the Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital on Friday. They represent the largest number of people discharged at the same time since the outbreak began. 
University President Fr. Jose Ramon T. Villarin, SJ has released a statement on the Novel Coronavirus. 
#GOT7 Postpones Concerts In Bangkok And Singapore Due To Coronavirus  
Coronavirus: Britons evacuated from Wuhan arrive in UK  …
I live in #Chinatown and since the #coronavirus threat a couple of the markets I patronize have been empty & the streets are a bit quiet. Tomorrow, on the first day of #BHM, I’m hosting a group walk & shopping excursion in Chinatown as a show of  …
Facebook will start removing misinformation about the coronavirus outbreak from its platforms. 
The response to the coronavirus has been strong. Why can't we do the same  Chinese national security threats?  #FAIRblog
Singapore bars arrivals from China over virus fears #coronavirus 
CORONAVIRUS UPDATE 
For all the people who are being seriously ott & stressing about the corona virus, make yourself aware of what it actually is first and how to help yourself #coronavirus 
people calling the coronavirus the Chinese Virus remins me of when europe got the plague and english people called it the Dutch Flu and the dutch called it the French Flu and the french called it the Spanish Flu and the spanish called it the English Flu etc
Watch : Video from the Red Cross Society of #China of volunteers and members assisting at temperature checkpoints in Zhe Jiang Province. Red Cross people in China are hard at work supporting people at risk of #coronavirus. 
