Velshi: The damage done to our trust in this government over coronavirus  … via @msnbc
Hilarious how tweet is triggering Big Brains when it was me who forced the messaging to change to address the coronavirus risk.
White House coronavirus response: The US government had a model for handling Ebola. Trump has ditched it  …
The stock market reaction to the coronavirus #FoxandFriends #MediaBuzz #SundayThoughts #Trump2020 #KAG2020LandslideVictory #Tcot #Ccot #CNNSOTU #WattersWorld 
Mark my words, trump is setting up Pence to be the coronavirus fall guy. Enter Nikki Haley.
What’s with non asians constantly treating asians differently bc of the coronavirus? What’s with non asians making fun of and hating asians just bc this virus became a thing? What’s wrong with yall? People are literally dying here, including the non asians who caught the virus.
About 30k people have died in the US from the #flu this season so far and a ton of you still haven't gotten your #FluShot so stop hand-wringing about #coronavirus, get your shot and go wash your hands.
Amazing NASA images show how pollution has CLEARED over China as coronavirus crisis has kept everyone indoors  …
The @MichiganHHS labs just got results from a #COVID-19 test it conducted on an Oakland County resident with respiratory symptoms with no known cause. It was negative. This is the sixth person in Michigan who has been tested for novel #coronavirus. All were negative. @freep
During his Saturday #coronavirus press conference, Trump misidentified the first #COVID19 victim as a woman instead of a “male in his 50s," as reported by Washington State health officials just 2 hours 
The idiot misidentified the nation’s first coronavirus fatality as a wonderful woman. The victim was a man who became ill in the same long-term care facility in Kirkland, Washington, that 2 others have been diagnosed with the Coronavirus. 50 more people are ill at that facility 
New official daily coronavirus numbers from China are out 3 new cases in all of China outside Hubei 5 new cases in all of Hubei outside Wuhan 565 new cases in Wuhan Real or fake? Who knows  …
A heartbreaking video from a school boy in #Tehran shows that how kids  victims of #coronavirus & Iranian demonic regime continue hiding news and statistic of #COVID2019. The Ayatollahs in #Iran who don’t care their people, never care other nations. World, wake up 
Are we sure Katie Hill isn’t Patient Zero for the US Coronavirus outbreak? She seems to have humped everything from coast to coast.
If any other official made as many false claims about the coronavirus as Trump, they’d be fired on the spot.
Officials announce possible coronavirus outbreak in Washington nursing facility  
The Trump admin was supposed to hold a Friday briefing for the Dem lawmakers who represent the CA districts where people are being held in coronavirus quarantine. They canceled & still haven't rescheduled, and the reps are not happy. 
The liberal media will have to decide if they think the Coronavirus spread is serious or not serious. STOP using this pandemic to beat up conservatives!  …
Mike Bloomberg has purchased three minutes of prime-time TV Sunday to air a taped address on the coronavirus outbreak  …
Parents literally risking the lives of their kids bc they’re so racist they don’t want Asian doctors treating them due to coronavirus. I’m wondering just how fucked white parents have to be b4 their kids are taken off them at even a fraction of the rate Aboriginal kids are taken
As coronavirus sweeps the globe, the old adage is true: Coughs and sneezes spread diseases  …
WE ARE, JUST NOW, GETTING TO THE SOUTHERN BORDER? Trump sets new travel restrictions over coronavirus, considering southern border shutdown!  #FoxNews
Ireland plans to stop Coronavirus with a stern Leaflet. 
Democrats continue to politicize Coronavirus. Latest example: Michael Bloomberg.  …
Patient in NJ tests negative for COVID-19 coronavirus  …
I wonder if my ex who said it was more important to wash his hands before peeing instead of after is gonna get coronavirus
Was at @WholeFoods I’m BROOKLYN today.All frozen vegetables and proteins were GONE!It was like the apocalypse!Packed and ppl all talking about stocking up their homes before #coronavirus Hits NYC ..sigh.
Even Samoa has tighter Coronavirus restrictions than New Zealand.
One small news outlet is saying the Vatican has confirmed that Pope Francis has tested positive with Coronavirus. I see no confirmation yet by AP, Reuters level agencies However, all agencies saying the Pope has cancelled events 3 days in a row. If he has it - they should tell 
The kbeauty fandom was into performative masking before the coronavirus made it global.
Now that the US limits travel from China and Iran due to coronavirus, will the Trump admin impose a travel ban on California, Oregon, Washington state?… They don’t seem to grasp the importance of TESTING people IN THE US for #COVID19— we already  transmission here!
#BREAKING: 4th case of coronavirus confirmed in Santa Clara County  …
Have you hugged a coronavirus patient today?
573 new coronavirus infections, 35 new deaths were reported on Feb 29 in the Chinese mainland. The total infection number soared to 79,824 with 2,870 deaths.  …
Coronavirus Doesn’t Stop Religious Persecution in China  …
any coronavirus vaccine should be made free to the public, regardless of whether or not you have insurance to cover it.
Just say NO to Coronavirus.
Seattle Mayor Jenny Durkan and King County Executive Dow Constantine have activated an emergency operations center in response to the COVID-19 cases. More local coronavirus updates: 
A preseason game behind closed doors in Nagoya, Japan. #NPB #coronavirus  
Who is vulnerable to coronavirus? So far children appear safe from COVID-19  …
I know #Coronavirus is spreading outside of China, but total active cases are still falling. Active cases are the only ones that can spread the virus. Today 43,293 vs 44,314 yesterday. The press keeps reporting total cases, and deaths, but not recoveries. 
not surprising but still striking how basically none of the vcs talking about coronavirus have mentioned american healthcare costs in all their discussions of solutions measures
Satellite images have shown a dramatic decline in pollution levels over China, which is "at least partly" due to an economic slowdown prompted by the coronavirus, US space agency Nasa says.  …
BREAKING: 35 new coronavirus deaths in China
No @Milbank ... you are propagandizing FAKE NEWS! Our President @realDonaldTrump stated the Democrats are using Coronavirus as a HOAX as you did with Russia, Impeachment, and everything else you tried to use to bring him down with! You and your ilk are “Enemy of the People”!!!!  …
Preview of our @CNNSotu interview with @VP Pence about the coronavirus, Afghanistan, and more, airing tomorrow morning on  …
“Last night in Santa Clara.. a Women WAS Identified with Coronavirus..BUT She has a Compromised Underlying Condition! You’re Stupid...Get Your Story Straight and Quit Spreading Lies and Fear! By Hoax..Trump Meant Exactly What You’re Doing..Spreading Political BS!  …
One of France’s dearest touchy-feely custom is running up against the coronavirus 
I don’t like Trump. I don’t wish him success None of us do. However, none of us want to prove a point by having him mishandle the coronavirus. It’s not like we didn’t know he’d be useless. People will DIE due to his ineptitude.
During today’s rambling presser about the Coronavirus, 45 claimed to have visited the “wounded warriors” at Walter Reed MANY times. Can anybody find such a record of his many visits? I only found 2. 
This tweet didn't age well. #coronavirus  …
This is why Coronavirus  …
This 1000% Coronavirus shows the importance of @BernieSanders’ Medicare for All. u don’t want people avoiding getting tested or treated because can’t afford a $3,000 bill. r only as safe as least insured person among us. Everyone has to be covered. 
thinking about how bad the coronavirus might get in a country with an unforgiving healthcare system, little to no paid sick leave, no safety net to catch people if they lose their job after taking a leave, and an  administration at the helm.
It just doesn't stop! From an anon who just sent this to me thank you for catching it! The SIMPSONS (Matt Groenig - frequent flyer on the #LolitaExpress to #EpsteinIsland ) tells us about #Coronavirus in 1993 You can't write this sh*t 
The Morrison Govt says don't panic about #coronavirus Yet there's virtual rolling news coverage & multiple Govt pressers everyday on the issue. The Govt appears to be shitting themselves while telling Australians 'she'll be right mate' Doesn't add up #auspol #insiders
On #CNNSOTU, @VP @Mike_Pence tells @jaketapper that we could see more coronavirus deaths, but that the risk for average Americans is low. 
Fellow Americans, If the Democrats get control of the WH, please remember that they want open borders. They want anyone  here, anytime, from anywhere. If another "Coronavirus" happens under their watch, it will be as widespread here, as it is in China. Do we want that?
Since Trump lied during the press briefing today, let’s roll the video where he calls the #CoronaVirus a hoax. Why lie when you said it in front of thousands of people - ON CAMERA!? #Trumpvirus 
Do you think the southern border should  shut down due to the coronavirus threat? Please vote and RT.
.....I’m just going to leave this here with a friendly reminder to wash your hands.... #coronavirus 
I am old enough to remember when Debbie Birx was appointed to lead the coronavirus coordination effort in the WH----two days ago. Guess it's more important to hear from noted virus experts Mnuchin and Kudlow.
COVID-19 UPDATE Test results  back negative for the PUI for novel coronavirus.  no other persons in NJ who are currently approved and awaiting testing for the virus that causes COVID-19. Have questions ? Call 
Kobach is right. Kris Kobach warns the southern border could be 'wide-open doorway' for those infected with coronavirus  …
A handful of North Texas paramedics have been mobilized to assist with the Coronavirus quarantine operations and evacuees in San Antonio  …
if hozier tested positive for coronavirus white people wouldve already found a cure
N.J. patient does not have coronavirus, health department says  
And we wonder how the coronavirus is spreading. #smh 
Y'all acting like Costco is selling the cure to coronavirus in bulk & the sale ends today 
ACCORDING TO THE CDC, AS OF FEB 28, THEY HAVE ONLY TESTED 495 AMERICANS FOR THE #CORONAVIRUS. BECAUSE CDC CONTROLLED ALL OF THE TESTS STATES & HOSPITALS WEREN'T ALLOWED TO TEST UNLESS PATIENT MET CDC CRITERIA. YET, SOUTH KOREA TESTS OVER 10,000 A DAY  03
59 of the patients are hospitalized, suggesting that there may be a significant amount of mildly symptomatic spread that is not yet being detected as broader testing for #coronavirus in France just gets underway.
As of today, US had about 66 cases of coronavirus, of which 4  spread (i.e. unknown origin). And 1 death. Was the death & the unknown origins caused by the  of the Trump administration? Congress should investigate.  … via @nbcnews
Democratic presidential candidates are ramping up criticism of President Trump's handling of the coronavirus, calling it  and accusing Trump of "burying his head in the sand." 
I smell a rat. I think the coronavirus hysteria is being stoked by people who want to tank the Trump economy. #coronavirus #hoax #SaturdayThoughts @realDonaldTrump 
For 3+ since he occupied our WH, Trump has relied on pathological lying & bullying—convinced he didn’t have to earn trust or  that he could use intimidation tactics to  That won’t work with the coronavirus. Winning depends on expertise.
Today, as part of our continuous approach to addressing #COVID19, FDA issued a policy regarding certain laboratories using tests they develop & validate for #coronavirus faster in order to achieve more rapid testing capacity in the U.S. Learn more: 
The most disturbing part of all this coronavirus stuff is finding out how many people leave the bathroom without washing their hands and go on cruises
Vatican confirms Pope Francis and two aides test positive for Coronavirus - MCMп  …
President Trump Gives Update On Coronavirus Amid First U.S. Death  … 
Don’t worry guys, Pence is in charge now, and Trump has downgraded coronavirus to influenza. Facts are amongst the casualties of the virus.
Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases: If President @realDonaldTrump had not prevented travel from China “we would have had many many more cases” of coronavirus in the U.S. 
coronavirus crossing the border 
Vatican confirms Pope Francis and two aides test positive for Coronavirus  …
 … Just GARBAGE from the GARBAGE CAN of all GARBAGE mainstream media networks. We have 330,000,000 people in the US, and ONE citizen has died. The MSM is driving this Coronavirus SCARE! BTW, 30,000 Americans died from the flu last year.... #RayJPolitics
France appears to have uncontrolled outbreaks of #coronavirus and perhaps be in the early stages of epidemic spread in the nation. International travel restrictions  increasingly less effective as spread inevitably  more globally distributed.  …
Another video from #Iran from a person collapsing on the street. He says  near I'm sick." #coronavirus  …
Just a note to consider those  immune systems 1st when purchasing supplies to protect from #coronavirus Hoarding if you don’t have to makes it more dangerous for them and thus more dangerous for you.
Whats going on Canada! All linked to Iran! No travel ban! Why!!! Trudeau continues to allow the #coronavirus TO BE FLOWN in! We need a travel BAN NOW! #TrudeauMustGo  …
. @FoxNews perpetuating @realDonaldTrump’s lies about the coronavirus being a hoax is going to get people killed. This entire “news” network is a public health emergency. 
Three thumbs down for an 80-year-old Conman @RailaOdinga who now resembles a despicable castrated chameleon that Despot Uhuru Kenyatta and the Chinese have hollowed out with #coronavirus to be dispatched to Pakistan to eat locusts. #uhurumustgo #DespotsMustFall 
HBO’s Bill Maher scorches Trump for calling coronavirus a ‘hoax’: ‘Not something he can lie his way out of’  …
New rule, the members of the United States Senate that tweet out their hypocritical 'we'd  together but for the Dems' immediately gets a new career cleaning the bedpans of coronavirus patients. After 6 months, if they have been doing a good job, they get a brush
Americans are panicking over Coronavirus, but not Bernie Sanders? Makes no sense. Sanders can kill a nation. #BernieSanders
Iran bans all visits with patients in hospitals across nation because of coronavirus epidemic.  …
The worker impact from #coronavirus can’t be stressed enough. Most low-wage workers have no paid sick leave and insufficient (if any) health benefits. Gig workers have it even worse and may be more likely  in contact with infected people.  …
Q TELLS US TO WATCH CA.... Which state has ties to China... THINK LOGICALLY Hollywood Long Beach Port Democrat Govt Reps .....the list is endless Where are most of the Coronavirus cases now....? COINCIDENCE???
Important read in the @wsj on the arrest of Jimmy Lai. It's worth noting that his last editorial in the WSJ warned that China's Communist system would make it impossible for Beijing to stop coronavirus effectively.  …
Why do so many people not trust that DOH is telling the full story about the coronavirus? Because the Administration works so hard to justify bad decisions, blame others, and deploy devious spokesmen and other trolls. You reap what you sow.
We are looking for volunteers for the coronavirus outbreak response. Please DM me if you are willing to help. In order for this to be stopped we need to work together to make it happen.
The US Surgeon General urged people to stop buying face masks, saying they're not effective in preventing the general public from getting coronavirus but that a shortage could mean they're not available to healthcare providers, who are most at risk  
Parkland, the Pittsburgh Synagogue, Puerto Rico, Charlottesville, and now the Coronavirus Outbreak. WHEN HAS TRUMP EVER RESPONDED WITH COMPETENCE, CREDIBILITY OR COMPASSION? Do folks realize how unreliable and vulnerable our Country has  bc of this self-absorbed freak show?  …
Trump: The coronavirus is contained. Boomers: 
americans will freak out about coronavirus but not vaccinate their children, won't demand paid sick days, and oppose accessible healthcare. ok
Confused about why only some 450 Americans have been tested for #coronavirus infection? Why can't your hospital tell whether or not you carry #SARCoV2 ? Well, here's the protocol.  …
AP Fact-Check Slams Democrats For Lying About Coronavirus Readiness You know how Schumer is accusing Trump of ‘towering and dangerous  Not so fast.  …
So are they're going to use the Coronavirus to cover up the mess to the economy caused by Brexit, and use it as a reason to suspend workers rights?  …
it just stroke me what about the #Immigrants & families in cages at the border? no personal items, lunar blankets, they are already sick & living in squalor no one is talking about them #coronavirus  …
A question I see doctors and nurses in various places in the world asking: if coronavirus hits hard, where will hospital staff go between shifts? Home to families who they might infect? Or do hospitals need to  staff for weeks in a FIFO style arrangement?
Have to add something critical we didn’t consider in our scenario that is playing out now: coronavirus is affecting the health of world leaders: see Iran and think of the septegenerian front runners in US election... serious geopolitical stability considerations. 10/n
Trump was briefed on coronavirus two months ago. Now, he calls it a hoax. It’s not just that he’s bad at leading - he is incapable of leading. 
Not sure if Pope has Coronavirus. We need confirmation. Careful sharing that until it’s corroborated. Going to look into this and see. A few of us are looking into this. Standby.
Kris Kobach warns southern border could be 'wide-open doorway' for those infected with coronavirus  …
Media executives say the 3-minute ad addressing the coronavirus that Mike Bloomberg will air on network television Sunday may have cost his campaign anywhere from $1.25 million to $3 million 
Trump is already responsible for numerous deaths. His labeling of coronavirus as a hoax, his firing of those who could prepare us to respond, and his ineptitude may cause more death. But Trump's ICE has already killed immigrants, and will kill more.  …
As first U.S. patient dies, Washington officials announce more coronavirus cases: "We are in the process of investigating this situation as an outbreak"  
 resilience -- pick any two. My fear about  in the US with #coronavirus is that in the past ~40yrs we have bet very heavily on (computer-enabled) efficiency  in every sector of our society, & as a result have no resilience anywhere.
UPDATE: A patient who is being treated at a New Jersey hospital has tested negative for the novel coronavirus.  …
Hundreds of people gathered in San Francisco's Chinatown on Saturday to march against xenophobia caused by fears of the coronavirus outbreak. 
Maybe Trump supporters would take coronavirus more seriously if it was arriving in a caravan.
Trump sets new travel restrictions over coronavirus, considering southern border shutdown  …
This is the single best article about #coronavirus you could read. TLDR: The coronavirus is quite simply, and almost exclusively, a moral panic.  …
My thoughts. #Coronavirus 
Friends, I will be broadcasting LIVE video tonight around 7pm ET on @Twitter to discuss the #CoronavirusOutbreak. #coronavirus #COVID19 #COVID19usa @Alyssa_Milano @Rosie  …
#CoronaVirusUpdate Americans are currently voting for Bernie Sanders to get a President who knows coronavirus is not a hoax & will fight like hell for #MedicareForAll. #SouthCarolinaPrimary
Trump was briefed on coronavirus two months ago — yet he’s still unprepared and incapable of protecting Americans as the virus spreads. We need a president who will take the threat of a pandemic seriously. Mike has a proven track record of leading during crises. 
Unreleased State Department report finds there have been more than 2 million tweets containing conspiracy theories and disinformation about the coronavirus in the past three weeks per WAPO.
This article is particularly relevant in light of the #coronavirus. How is the public supposed to trust @CDCgov to handle #COVID19 when it played politics and misled the public regarding #vaping and  …
Pelosi mourns first coronavirus death, promises congressional response  …
The @realDonaldTrump Administration took unprecedented early steps in response to #coronavirus Don't believe the Dems false apocalyptic spin as they try to politicize this virus. Very sick politics! 𝗙𝗼𝗹𝗹𝗼𝘄 @BrandonBeckham_ for a Christian 
Michael Bloomberg will air a coronavirus address in a 3-minute TV ad as he seeks to contrast himself with President Trump  
More than 50 people at a long-term care facility near Seattle show symptoms of the coronavirus after a resident and employee tested positive Trump: It will just disappear....like a miracle.  …
How shocking China officials knew of coronavirus in December, ordered cover-up, report says  … via @nypost
BREAKING NEWS: There were 3 Chinese men who were quarantined in Jos. They have tested negative to Coronavirus.
Five Reasons You Dont Need to Panic About the COVID-19 Coronavirus  …
Questions from Dem Media intentionally MISCONSTRUING the President's Dem  & raising market concerns shows their bias. @kayleighmcenany, "Dems are rooting for a stock market collapse over #Coronavirus just to hurt Pres @realDonaldTrump!" 
Thank you President @realDonaldTrump and to your well-qualified @GOP Administration! We know you've taken unprecedented aggressive action to confront #coronavirus to ensure the safety of the American people! We know that we're in good hands 
#CoronaVirusUpdate My fiancé had a kidney transplant and immunosuppressed so he’s likely one of the 2% who’ll die if he’s infected w/the coronavirus. Not being able to get accurate info could be a life/death situation for him. I feel helpless to protect him w/out accurate data.
Dr. Fauci: The most at risk of dying from the Coronavirus are elderly people with underlying conditions, like obesity Trump: *Suddenly worried* Wait, he's literally describing me 
. @kirklandgov confirms with @KIRO7Seattle that "several" fire crews are in home quarantine following contact w/ two #coronavirus patients at Life Care Center. Those crews will be out of the mix for at least 14 days. 
Marked Safe From Coronavirus 
Exactly. As an American who immigrated to Australia, I have lifetime security with #MedicareForAll. We don’t worry about coronavirus spreading like wildfire due to a failed health system. No matter the crisis, we get good affordable treatment. A better world is possible for . 
Copper did you hear about that CoronaVirus? Put your mask on ! 
If Trump discovered the vaccine or cure for coronavirus, I doubt he’d share it. Maybe with Ivanka.
One of several videos showing #Iranians setting fire to hospital admitting #Coronavirus patients in Bandar Abbas. The regime’s deceit & neglect have led to fear & chaos throughout the country. 
Two days ago, the White House made a big deal of appointing Debbie Birx as the Coronavirus Response Coordinator. Was she not at today’s press conference or this Sit Room meeting?   …
He was silenced by Chinese authorities for warning against the #coronavirus outbreak, and soon died from the illness. This is the story of Dr. Li Wenliang. 
Today, @WADeptHealth and CDC reported the death of a person who had been hospitalized with #COVID-19. This is the first reported death within the US from COVID-19, the infection caused by the novel #coronavirus.  
. @realDonaldTrump I believe you like to get rid of red tape. It’s time to break through bureaucracy of agencies like CDC & FDA so anyone w/ symptoms can get tested for Coronavirus. These tests must immediately be made available at Dr.’s offices, hospitals, airports, schools, etc. 
The lack of a national coordinated healthcare system may end up crashing the US Economy. What is it going to take to achieve #MedicareForAll? How much will you be charged for a vaccine? How much money will the buddies of poltiicans make off of that vaccine? #Coronavirus
Democratic presidential candidate Michael Bloomberg will air a three-minute recorded address on the coronavirus outbreak on Sunday night. 
Just For Kids: A Comic Exploring The New Coronavirus  …
BREAKING: Juventus In Lockdown As Three Players Test Positive For The Coronavirus via  …
Coronavirus news moves at warp speed: FDA new rules announced today make thousands of more diagnostic tests potentially available in US soon. CDC also has new kits available. My latest update, which may be dated by time I hit Tweet button.  …
I am 1000% certain @HillaryClinton would have been 1000% better than Trump at handling the coronavirus crisis.
This novel coronavirus has taken its first life in the U.S. Read former White House homeland security and counterterrorism advisor Lisa Monaco on how the government hasn’t applied to this crisis the lessons learned from past transnational  …
We don’t have to worry about the coronavirus spreading here. Americans are smart enough to not spread their germs 
man crazy that they cancelled the 2020 college basketball season because of coronavirus right after they announced west virginia's number two seed
Driving home tonight with @rtenews on and they announce that the first case of #coronavirus has been diagnosed in Ireland. That is a decision - a decision to reinforce partition our country in the vernacular. No one thinks this is the first case in Ireland. Very poor
Iran has became the epicenter of the #coronavirus outbreak. Cases traced back to Iran have been reported in Azerbaijan, Afghanistan, Bahrain, Canada, Georgia, Iraq, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Pakistan, United Arab Emirates and now Australia. #COVID19
Trump told America a ‘wonderful woman’ died from coronavirus — but the victim was actually a man  …
After the first coronavirus death in the U.S., President Trump announced new travel restrictions for Italy and South Korea. He also says there's no need to panic. #CoronaVirusUpdate #COVID19  
A kiss is just a kiss. Except when it spreads coronavirus 
There are two confirmed cases of coronavirus at a long-term care facility—and dozens of residents and staffers have symptoms. 
What a mess. I can not believe Trump called the coronavirus a “hoax”… we are screwed.
Amazon reportedly removed more than 1 million listings for items claiming to cure or defend against the coronavirus 
As the coronavirus spread across China, this week’s China Brief explains the status of coronavirus healthcare workers in the country, what the future looks like for small Chinese businesses and the possibility of Chinese workers returning to work. 
Chris Hayes: Trump is worried coronavirus will be bad for his re-election.  #inners
Mark Humphries “the Coronavirus was invented to prevent Scott Morrison shaking hands with people against their will” #insiders #TalkingPictures
I had a really interesting and wide-ranging chat with @michaeljswalker and @AaronBastani covering the Labour leadership latest, the Bolivian coup, to the Coronavirus on @novaramedia's latest Tyskie Sour episode. Thanks for having me! Watch it in full here:  
More than 50 people at a long-term care facility near Seattle show symptoms of the #coronavirus after a resident and employee tested positive- @NYMag
Lahore airport's plan to stop the spread of coronavirus? Force all international passengers (while restrained in a small area, partially on a staircase with no queues) to fill out a form self-declaring if they have any symptoms or have travelled to Wuhan. 
"“All nations, including Iran, should tell the truth about the coronavirus and cooperate with international aid organizations.” - Secretary of State Pompeo  …
Trump admin to be investigated over response to coronavirus  
Costco in Kirkland, WA. Reaction to news of first death to Coronavirus in the State. People in line waiting for shopping carts gathered by workers from the parking lot. Parking lot is full. People are buying out the store. 
He’s probably on Trumps coronavirus team.
#NEW: Wash. Gov. Inslee Declares State Of Emergency After First U.S. Coronavirus Death  … 
64 confirmed cases of coronavirus in the U.S. 34 - or more than half - are in California. Three cheers for open borders. 
Q-post #3719. Dec18, 2019. When did #CoronaVirus begin? Noteworthy: "Walker also made pivotal investments in the realm of engineered biology, resulting in several breakthroughs, chief among them a program that has helped reduce Ebola fatality rates."  …
Google search history: Can you get coronavirus via flag kissing  …
Dr Tony Holohan, Chief Medical Officer with the Department of Health, speaks at a press briefing tonight after the first case of the coronavirus was confirmed in the Republic | Read more:  
The CDC is taking responsibility for the president saying the first coronavirus fatality was a woman, when it was a man.  …
Coronavirus is not a threat but the vaccine will be.
Well at least the Coronavirus has reminded me of the best terrible trailer moment ever. 1.37:  …
Whether you realise it, or not, thousands of hospitals across America have shut down because corporate-run healthcare decided they were “unprofitable.” If #coronavirus  a pandemic, then we will be unable to treat everyone.  …
I wanna get coronavirus and infect my boyfriend so we can both be quarantined and we can be together 24/7
NASA images show coronavirus shutdown has cleared China’s pollution saying travel restrictions and the closure of businesses contributed to a drop in nitrogen dioxide.  …
Every cloud..... NASA images show coronavirus shutdown has cleared China pollution  
Maher: Trump Is 'Going to Declare Martial Law' over Coronavirus  via @BreitbartNews
Coronavirus may turn the presidential campaign upside down 
Why does the CDC website still say there are only 15 US cases of coronavirus? Why is our government behaving like China?!!!  …
See @NIAIDnews Director Dr. Anthony Fauci on @hardball on 2/28 talking about #coronavirus resulting in #COVID19:  … #NIH
Yo coronavirus is literally just the flu with 2% mortality rate. If you are not old or don’t have an autoimmune disease, relax. You aren’t going to die.
Massive floods have devastated  a British hostage in Iran may have coronavirus and the Home Office is exploding But everyone loves a wedding... 
More on Trump's ignorance. He thinks the market dropping because news is covering coronavirus. So he screams "hoax!" Coca-Cola announced it might not be able to keep up Diet Coke shipments. A lot of aspartame is from Japan. Markets get it: This is about supplies, not tv shows.
I’ve seen the new Bloomberg coronavirus ads on MSNBC four times today. Two of them were not  breaks, but during news segments about the ads. Really helps stretch out an ad buy when the network airs it for free.
Join me for the latest on Coronavirus & it's impact when I speak to @VP Mike Pence on @SundayFutures @FoxNews 10am et. Also the latest out of #southcarolina primary w SC @SenatorTimScott also former WH chief strategist Steve Bannon, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio & CA Rep. Devin 
Heard on 'The Papers' @BBCNews that the plan to fight Coronavirus is 2 bring back retired NHS workers Where do I get my uniformSorry I'm no longer registered but this WM government doesn't seem 2 have concerns about unqualified folk doing jobsHow bloody naïve & dangerous
Essentials: Yo this is my mini mask. Everyone can clown me but, I don’t have time out here to be playing games with ANY virus. I’ve gone heavy on the Black Seed Oil and clean foods. #coronavirus 
torys to ask elderly retired doctors  out retirement to help diagnose those with coronavirus symptoms the very demographic that coronavirus effects the most they just dont care about anyone
Potential NYC coronavirus case tests negative for illness  
Empty Cities and Stalled Industrial Production, New Analysis Shows Coronavirus Has Cut China's Carbon Emissions by 100 Million Metric Tons  …
You just know that President Warren would have had a full coronavirus press  with PowerPoint presentation, containment plan, team of the best medical experts, funding package, & proposal to make treatment free. With a climate & racial justice lens. Weeks ago.
Video from Life Care Center in Kirkland, Washington - basically a rehab/nursing home. Likely everyone in there is infected w/ #coronavirus by now. 
What I mind about the news today is the utter contempt the Tories have for us if they honestly think that #Borisbaby is going divert attention away from #PritiAwful, floods, #coronavirus. It won’t. We see you 
#NEW: Washington Gov. Jay Inslee declares a state of emergency after the first person in the U.S. dies from the coronavirus. That person lived in Washington state.
Dear America, Coronavirus worries? Think of #MedicareForAll protection. Without it, even if you have insurance... You are not protected from a failed system. Where others won’t get tested or treated. Because of cost. Join us & vote for Bernie Sanders.  …
#BREAKING Several Kirkland firefighters who helped patients at the Life Care Center of Kirkland are currently in quarantine as a precaution. #Coronavirus 
The Coronavirus and How Political Spin Has Worsened Epidemics  … via @NewYorker
The first fatality from the coronavirus in the US was announced. Trump 'mourned' the death of "a wonderful woman". Dr. Jeffrey Duchin, health officer for Seattle and King County confirmed the deceased was a 52-year-old man. Trump's callous  is a national stain.
The U.S. Surgeon General has some straightforward advice for members of the public worried about the coronavirus 
We have a confirmed “respiratory outbreak” I think that’s #Coronavirus at Life Care Center in Washington State. Care center employees and Kirkland Fire transporting someone. They are in masks.. But don’t worry, folks it’s just like the flu.  – at National Institutes of Health (NIH)
Mike Pence said smoking "doesn't kill" and faced criticism for his response to HIV. Now he's leading the coronavirus response  
New FDA policy will expand coronavirus testing 
I bet the first person to get coronavirus was wearing ZX Flux
COMMENT OF THE DAY: If only doctors had thought of… <checks notes> …walls, then #CoronaVirus wouldn’t even be a thing. 
According to report, the three Chinese men earlier quarantined in Jos has tested negative to coronavirus.
Just now in Tennessee: @PeteButtigieg answering a q about Asian American discrimination around coronavirus. "You belong in this country and in your school just as much as anybody and don't ever let anybody tell you different, alright?" This is what leadership looks like. 
Two people at a nursing home in Washington State have been infected with the coronavirus - new cases. One is a healthcare worker, which means she could have been touching residents for as long as 14 days without showing symptoms. Yah, it's a hoax.  …
1. Dems tried to tell us the soaring markets were Obama’s doing 2. We all laughed in their faces 3. Media pushes Coronavirus panic hysteria 4. Markets fall 5. Dems cheer and blame Trump
I truly wish @JoeBiden was in charge of our nation’s response to the #coronavirus instead of Trump.
Dear @realDonaldTrump: The following are not hoaxes. -Your Administration had faulty coronavirus tests -Your Administration had restrictive test criteria that missed positive cases -You eliminated pandemic position Irresponsible for you to use “hoax” in discussing this issue.  …
Just got blocked by a doctor for pointing out that Coronavirus isn't technically Influenza. If you are going to tweet on the topic at least try and be accurate.
Trump and the CDC director wrongly said the coronavirus patient who died in Washington state was a woman.  …
Dr. Anthony Fauci's confirmation that ~ 20% of #Coronavirus patients will require hospitalization at some time in their care — necessitates an urgent need for: • Early and massive testing • Containment • Accurate information and education
The orange buffoon said the first US death from #Coronavirus was a “woman” in her late 50’s. Reality? The victim was a man. Millions trust this idiot with the nuclear codes. They vote. Will you? #hoax #COVID19 
Democratic presidential candidates are accusing the Trump administration of  in its handling of the new coronavirus. Meanwhile, the president claims that "the Democrats are politicizing the coronavirus." 
NEW: We can confirm a case of Covid-19 (Coronavirus) has been identified in the east of Ireland. General public should continue to follow @HSELive & @hpscireland advice to protect their health. #COVID19 | @SimonHarrisTD | @CMOIreland  …
1. Coronavirus is a national security threat 2. Our corporate-run healthcare system leaves our national security at risk 3. Medicare for All is one of the best ways to address this kind of national security threat  …
JUST IN: Fifth case of coronavirus in Sydney, in man who recently arrived from Iran.
Breaking video: A person in protective gear is being transferred into an ambulance by paramedics at Life Care Center in Kirkland, Washington. Two cases of coronavirus are related to the care center. 
Some sad news. The first reported death in the US due to the coronavirus was reported in Washington State. The patient was a lady in her late 50’s & a high medical risk. President Trump gave a coronavirus briefing this morning & promised many more until the virus is licked 
Trump refers to deceased man as a woman. Trump Press Conference Backfires After He Gets Gender Wrong Of First US Coronavirus Fatality  … via @politicususa
Mike Pence is a raging homophobe, so if we tell him that the Coronavirus is gay, his task force might actually do something about it.
Coronavirus fear-mongering alert! Joy Reid just asked if Dr. Fauci still works for the government. Former Obama HHS Secretary then says Dr. Fauci is "not being allowed to give information directly to the public." Dr. Fauci briefed the American people less than 5 hours ago. 
“I never imagined that this would hit our home.” In China's war with the coronavirus, Zuoling, a suburb of Wuhan, offers a somber lesson in how the country's vast effort to contain the virus left  acutely vulnerable 
Washington Governor Jay Inslee (D) declared a state of emergency on Saturday following the announcement of the first coronavirus-related death in his state and the nation. 
Babcock: Due to the coronavirus outbreak there would be no signing of pass till further notice Me: 
#Coronavirus and contagion: Every #Healthcare worker in this country should threaten to go on strike if the President and Congress can not protect them at their workplace. Our country is not testing, allocating resources, as it should . Very scary.
What’s the next lie going to be? Hillary? Obama? Who will he try to blame for his own lies. Trump fends off criticism of 'hoax' remark after first US coronavirus death  …
in response to my thoughts on HBO that Trump *really does not* want a pandemic, the administration is taking this seriously, and we will know soon enough whether they were prepared for this- Is libs taking time out of their day to write me that they hope I contract Coronavirus
ICYMI: I released a new coronavirus resource page at  . Please visit and share for  on how to limit exposure, what to do if you suspect you’ve been exposed, and how to create outbreak response plans at your 
Trump did not call the Coronavirus a hoax. We watched the video too, you know.  …
Today we had a very productive meeting of the White House Coronavirus Taskforce in the Situation Room. We placed additional travel restrictions on Iran & we are increasing the travel advisory to level 4, urging Americans not to travel to specific regions in Italy & South Korea. 
President @realDonaldTrump’s number one priority is to protect the health and well-being of the American people and we will continue to bring a government-wide response to the threat of Coronavirus.
. @BTS_twt fans donate concert refunds to coronavirus aid efforts.  
I want to say thank you to all public health professionals, officials in @roinnslainte & @HSELive & our @CMOIreland & his team. They are working incredibly hard throughout containment phase of #coronavirus. To them all, I say thank you. Please follow public health advice
Just saw a patient transported from the site of possible #CoronaVirus outbreak in Washington. Their medical issue/condition unclear. A number of residents here have respiratory issues, including pneumonia. CDC investigating. More than 40 staff/residents being tested for 
The Equity market are not going to  by the fact that the president couldn’t get the gender right Of the first CoronaVirus Patient
This is Eason Shen, one of 150 Australians still stuck in Wuhan. The Turramurra Public student has not seen his parents in a month and has a message for the government. "I miss my friends, I miss my teacher, I want to go back to Australia". #coronavirus  
Reading about coronavirus on my phone at the grocery store while I feel every single avocado for ripeness
Carrie Symonds & Boris Johnson announce they’re getting married and having a baby. Good news after a torrid week for the PM under fire over floods, Coronavirus & the resignation of Rutnam. Watch our report with ⁦ @VeryBigNews⁩ here 
Japan has highest proportion of elderly in the world, the population most vulnerable to serious effects of coronavirus. Yet it is not testing nearly as many people as neighboring countries and its most aggressive measure so far is aimed at children 
At a nursing facility in Kirkland, Wash, approx. 27 of 108 residents and 25 of 180 staff have some symptoms, health officials said during a teleconference w/ the CDC. 1st Covid-19 / #Coronavirus outbreak in a U.S. nursing home raises concerns  … via @statnews
The population of my home province of British Columbia Canada is just over 5 million citizens. Our Premier announced this morning the Province had done more Coronavirus testing than all of  …
NASA images show coronavirus shutdown has cleared China pollution  …
Are we going to hear a breaking news alert every time some one coughs in the street? #coronavirus is serious, but the panic culture generated by irresponsible media elevating every diagnosis as a national disaster is seriously stupid.
Health officials: “Stop buying masks!Healthcare workers need them and they won’t protect you from the Coronavirus” Everyone: 
According to CDC: "The greatest risk [regarding coronavirus] is to those who have been in close contact with people with [coronavirus]."
I’m still shocked how coronavirus spread into the UK after we left the EU?
Does Donald Trump's handling of the Coronavirus make you feel safe? #MAGA #Trump #caronavirusoutbreak
Trump Press Conference Backfires After He Gets Gender Wrong Of First US Coronavirus Fatality  …
Unfortunately, no hoax. The #CoronavirusOutbreak is very real, and #coronavirus is now spreading in  I will broadcast LIVE video discussing #COVID19 here on @Twitter via @PeriscopeCo. @thespybrief  …
Standing in solidarity with our Chinese  & against racism & xenophobia. Coronavirus is a serious public health threat. It’s not an invitation to racial stereotyping. Fight the virus, not the people. 
Good read. One of the most sensible, not overly ignorant and without exaggeration articles on #coronavirus so far.  …
Trump had coronavirus press conference do over that backfired when he got the gender of the first US fatality wrong.  … via @politicususa
Food delivery for COVID19 CoronaVirus patients To stop from transmitting the disease farther 
Scanning the field of prez candidates, the ONLY one I’d  handling a coronavirus pandemic is @ewarren. She’s brilliant but solicits input from experts, does her homework, plans for all contingencies, & is not prone to fear-mongering, just level-headed analysis.
if only this had happened in the 90s at least some conscious rapper would've made a dope record rhyming 'coronavirus' and 'osiris'
4. from the info around, 60 countries around the world have been affected by the #CoronaVirus (which is a bioweapon, btw). and we expect that nothing is going to happen here in the US? that this is just like a normal flu? hmmm... okay, we'll see.
about #CoronaVirus I'm in contact with two friends in Italy. This is what they told me, two hours ago: "one week ago there were 200 infected and 2 dead in Italy. today: 1000 infected and 29 dead." and they gave me the link below:  …
MEDIA CLAIMED POTUS CALLED CORONAVIRUS A “HOAX” DURING HIS SC RALLY! THISIS THE CLIP THE FAKE MEDIA IS FREAKING OUT ABOUT!!! 
Here’s a radical idea: let’s elect a president who has actually led before. The only thing Trump has led is a round of applause for himself. The way you solve problems like the coronavirus is by preparing for them ahead of time. 
This reporter's fake-news question gets absolutely demolished on live TV Coronavirus coverage should be about informing people, not pushing lies in order to help Dems during an election year.  …
IT'S NOT ONLY COMING BUT ALREADY HERE: AND THE SUN WON'T STOP IT. IT'S 90 DEGREES IN SINGAPORE AND THE STILL HAVE IT: This pastor says God is sparing the U.S. from #coronavirus because of the Trump administration  03 #SaturdayMorning
Here at Nazanin's local church we are praying earnestly with the news of Coronavirus in Evin Prison & call upon @10DowningStreet to do all possible for our friend to be treated, released & returned to the UK @FreeNazanin @bpedmonton @bishopSarahM @dioceseoflondon 
Unacceptable - Trump and Pence mistake the gender of our first fatality: First coronavirus death in the U.S. happens in Washington state ⁦ @NBCNews⁩ #corona  …
I love how everyone on here is suddenly an expert on all things related to the Coronavirus. Is it going to be a pandemic? Maybe. Is it going to be more like the Swine Flu? Maybe. Do any of us know, for sure, which one it is? Fuck no.
Super Junior’s Eunhyuk Shows Generosity By Donating 100 Million KRW To Coronavirus Efforts  …
Most people who contract the novel coronavirus "will experience mild to moderate symptoms, and their treatment will be to remain at home, treating their symptoms, the way they would a severe cold or the flu,” HHS Secretary Alex Azar said. 
Looking for hand sanitizer? You might be out of luck as stores experience a surge in demand for that and other supplies amid worries about coronavirus in the U.S. 
Chinese City Orders Cats, Dogs off the Menu After Coronavirus Outbreak 
How to smoke shisha/nargilla without getting coronavirus Source: instagram/fahmyshabo 
Trump is failing the leadership test on coronavirus (opinion) - CNN  …
Our thoughts are with the loved ones of the first American who succumbed to the Coronavirus. We need calm, steady leadership from our scientists, medical professionals, and governmental agencies to provide the American people with facts and a strategy that will keep us safe.
A new study from the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention finds coronavirus patients older than the age of 80 are in the greatest danger 
The Assad regime is being bombarded from the air continuously, and guess what? No WW3 broke out. In fact, media is more focused on the Coronavirus than this. Of course, WW3 was never even a possibility, but it shows how powerful propaganda is.
Morrison: "Who knew there'd be a coronavirus?" Well, perhaps not "a" coronavirus, but if your budget plan relies on nothing unexpected happening (or even expected, like bushfires), then you need to stop pretending you know how to manage an economy. #insiders
Such a clear example of the terrible human cost of Johnson’s couldn’t-give-a-shit  He did this. She is in an Iranian prison, quite possibly with coronavirus, because of him. Awful.   …
Morrison is going to try and elicit sympathy for his failing economy by calling the coronavirus unprecedented. No one should give it to him. His @LiberalAus have been pushing the narrative that the GFC didn’t happen for over a decade. #insiders
Hey , @realDonaldTrump You fathead , your fake HOAX , just killed an American ! Can we get a sane adult to be in charge now?? CNBC: Trump says the coronavirus is the Democrats' 'new hoax'.  …
- How to Deal with Coronavirus 101 with President Trump - This man is so funny 
The Latest: Man in East of Ireland contracted Coronavirus. He was in Northern Italy. Officials tracking down all "close contacts" of the man in question. Ireland still in "containment" phase. Risk of infection low if you haven't been to outbreak area.
If the Morrison Govt were such 'good economic managers' they would've had the foresight to prepare for ANY emergency or disaster, including #coronavirus instead of wasting billions on #sportsrorts & pork-barreling. #auspol #insiders
This is one for the ages. Let’s remind @realDonaldTrump, and encourage him to visit and embrace all the people in the US who contract the coronavirus!  …
Took early action on coronavirus because President @realDonaldTrump loves America and all it’s citizens, and only wants the best for us! While the Radical Socialist Left only criticized, claiming “overreaction” because they are the party of DESTRUCTION MORE  …
Bill Gates warns coronavirus may be the "once-in-a-century pathogen we've been worried about"  
Iranians started a campaign to deal with the outbreak of #coronavirus in #Iran.They asked people to stay at home. The lack of responsibility of the Islamic Republic in controlling the spread of the disease caused the death of at least 336 of people.  …
Trump misidentifies first US coronavirus fatality, calling man a 'wonderful woman'  
Notice "Human Coronavirus" on the label of this Clorox product at our home. The Coronavirus has been a known virus for some time. Normal alerts about the risks, precautions, etc now would be appropriate; however, the hype being displayed by the media is over the top. 
I'm not saying there's no Coronavirus. What I'm saying is the Democrats, media, Tech Giants & Wall Street are exploiting this disease to take down Trump. They're using fear & propaganda. While the virus is bad, we have weathered through much worse.  sense & caution.
God bless the hundreds of people doomsday prepping at Costco right now and still eating the little food samples sitting out for everyone to touch #coronavirus
#Coronavirus #markets crash in perspective Via ⁦ 
Trumps attempts to diminish the risks of #coronavirus are as absurd, and as dangerous, as his minimising the risks of #climate change. Watching #ScottyFromMarketting respond to medical evidence while ignoring climate science is just as absurd  …
I'm old enough to remember how Democrats reacted when President Trump implemented the China travel ban in January. They called him a racist xenophobe. Trump was ahead of the coronavirus. He was RIGHT. They were WRONG.
Call me a conspiracy theorist, but a possible outbreak of Coronavirus in a nursing facility in Washington state seems a little suspicious given the elderly are least capable of fighting it. Maybe I'm crazy.
WHO has deployed infection prevention and control (IPC) specialists to #Italy to support the #COVID19 response and to facilitate IPC training in the European region. WHO Situation Report 29 February  #coronavirus 
Trump should sue every talking head that claims he called the Coronavirus a hoax because they’re spreading a public health panic and endangering lives.
I’ve been sick as hell. I’m like 85% sure it’s not the coronavirus. Ok, 80%. I’m a solid 72.5% sure it’s not coronavirus.
Trump: Administration 'very strongly' considering closing southern border amid coronavirus outbreak  …
OK, what kind of mask should I buy? For what? For the coronavirus? Do you have the coronavirus? No, I want to prevent getting it. So why are you wearing a mask? Who are you, the Lone Ranger? Wait, you’re saying not to wear the mask unless you have it? Go away. Seriously.
Well that’s a lie. He calls the claim that he isn’t doing a good job with managing the Coronavirus a hoax. He didn’t call the Coronavirus a hoax. You might wanna brush up  because you just put out a hoax, Dean.  …
Mini Mike ,the Science guy ,to address the nation, prime time, Sunday night on a coronavirus outbreak. Because he knows better or something  
1. The novel #coronavirus #COVID19 is here in the US and circulating in  It can feel scary, and the pace of breaking news can feel overwhelming. For your own mental wellbeing, if you are not tracking the disease in a professional capacity, consider the following.
U.S. CDC statement on 1st death from coronavirus and "ongoing investigations into possible outbreaks in health care settings" 
Boris Johnson announces coronavirus 'battleplan' as three more cases confirmed  …
Sen @NinaTurner speaks for us! “One of your  @SenSanders...and the rise of his movement to that of the coronavirus... and also allowed somebody  Sen. Sanders’ belief in democratic socialism  
The news is actually flooding, people losing their homes, coronavirus, senior civil servant resigning through Patel’s bullying. But no, we have to pay attention, again, to Boris and one more of his many children. Meanwhile he abandons all pretence of being a prime minister.
“She was a wonderful woman” - Donald J Trump, speaking about the man who died in Washington. #coronavirus
Trump never called the coronavirus a hoax. He‘s taken proactive measures for over a month in preparation for this outbreak - measures Dems like Chuck Schumer called “racist.” The hoax is the Left’s fear-mongering in order to incite economic panic and gain a political advantage.
As a person concerned w/the lack of accurate Coronavirus information & even disinformation we are getting from the Trump Admin, I long to have a President like @JoeBiden #WeKnowJoe would put together the taskforce needed to get us through this  …
“The coronavirus is providing another reminder of why Trump and the Republicans must not be allowed to destroy the Affordable Care Act.” And why  leadership matters. Vote this travesty out of office in Nov.  …
Afghanistan: Imams say Qur’an verses worn on clothes can prevent coronavirus 
Entire football season 'could be declared "null and void" if the Government orders sports events to be cancelled  the rapid spread of coronavirus' 
Massachusetts senator and Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren introduced a ridiculous bill calling for the reallocation of wall funding to fight the coronavirus. Find out more about Warren's plan here:  #FAIRtake
Washington Gov. Jay Inslee issued a state of emergency in response to new cases of coronavirus 
The experts at #HarvardHealth have created a resource center to answer all of your questions about the coronavirus.  
More than 10.37 million members of Communist Party of China (CPC) nationwide had made voluntary donations of 1.18 billion yuan (about 168.8 million U.S. dollars) for the novel #coronavirus disease ( #COVID19) epidemic prevention and control as of 
#Beijing taxi driver improvises isolation 'bubble' in cab amid #coronavirus panic 
"Our Fed Should Start Being a Leader Not a Follower" - Trump Blasts Federal Reserve and Jerome Powell for Reacting too Slowly over Coronavirus Scare  … via @gatewaypundit
If the coronavirus pushes America to address the obesity, smoking, and heart disease epidemics, that would be much more helpful for our long-term health than demonizing Asian Americans as infesters. We’re all in this together. Let’s push for more preventative health for everyone.
So does President* Trump REALLY believe that #coronavirus is a hoax, or is that just something he says to his supporters because he does not value their health?  …
Every one of these was supposed to kill us. We're still here. Are you still believing the media? 1999/2000 Y2K 2001 Anthrax 2002 West Nile Virus 2003 SARS 2004 Bird Flu 2005 E. Coli 2009 Swine Flu 2010 BP Oil 2014 Ebola 2015 Disney Measles 2016 Zika 2020 Coronavirus
JUST IN: Washington State officials are investigating a potential outbreak of coronavirus at a health facility that cares for elderly, vulnerable patients, after two people at the facility were infected
CORONAVIRUS LATEST: The first known coronavirus-related death in the U.S. was reported in WA.  —Male in his 50s died of the virus. —At least 69 Americans have COVID-19—22 diagnosed within the U.S., the CDC said. —Public risk remains low, officials said.
The Donald when announcing the first coronavirus death in the U.S. said, “She was a wonderful woman." It was a man. I mean, c’mon. Even though he can’t read and doesn’t listen, he stillhad a 50/50 chance of getting it right. And blew it! Loser.
prayer circle: Coronavirus stops spreading & people get better
Democrats are freaking out about  to America at the same time calling any effort by Trump to prevent exactly that racist.
. @VP Mike Pence: “The risk of the spread of the coronavirus in the United States of America remains low. That’s according to all of our experts." 
The President had referred to the first person to die in a Coronavirus related case as a "wonderful woman." He had been inaccurately briefed. It was a man in his late 50's.  …
Space images show drastic drop in China pollution as coronavirus shuts factories  …
I am terrified at what coronavirus is about to do to the shelter system. They are flu incubators; in the winter you could watch it jump from room to room. And the shelter population now is older and more chronically sick than it ever has been. It is a a giant tinderbox.
The march has arrived at the Dragons Gate of Chinatown as the crowd moves toward Union Square to protest racism against the  following the global outbreak of Coronavirus 
"The Hoax Is on Them" - Trump Confirms He Was Talking About Democrats and their Latest "Hoax" on Coronavirus  …
Images show the dramatic decreases in nitrogen dioxide over China between January and February. "There is evidence that the change is at least partly related to the economic slowdown following the outbreak of coronavirus," the NASA story says.  …
This is the most accurate information i have seen about the #coronavirus, please watch 
Watch on #Periscope: #DoseOfDrDrew 2-28-20 #Coronavirus Facts unleashed! Dr. Drew rolls up his sleeves to calm everyone down! Wash your hands and here’s the facts.  …
Swathes of the country underwater, stock market  coronavirus, record homelessness- but spare a thought for Paul, who saw a person pray.  …
Trump told America a ‘wonderful woman’ died from coronavirus — but the victim was actually a man  …
It is with sadness we learned of first death in U.S. from Coronavirus #COVID19 here in WA state. I ask all WA residents to be diligent. Wash your hands and get  …
And here’s the CDC Director on the record about the President, VP & Azar erroneously identifying the first coronavirus fatality as a woman  …
Would someone please please explain to me (like I’m the mental age of the mental midget squatting in our White House) how the hell closing our Southern border will stop or slow the coronavirus? Remember now, like I’m 5-6 years old.
The end of the popular TV series ⁦ @HawaiiFive0CBS⁩ tops the coronavirus on today’s Honolulu Star-Advertiser front page. Why? Both #H50 & #MagnumPI brought 4,200 jobs & over $820 million in economic activity to Hawaii in 2018 alone, a state official said. ⁦ 
Not to state the obvious but how can there be a discussion of coronavirus being contained in US if only a few people out of 320 million have been tested?
Dr. Fauci said 15-20% who get coronavirus will need hospitalization. Coronavirus also has about 2% mortality rate. That’s what makes it different from the flu. It’s far more serious.
Breaking: Everyone at John Lennon Airport has been quarantined, because of fears for the Coronavirus: Imagine all the people.
Trump didn't say #coronavirus was a Hoax He said the Democrats are a Hoax,
Coronavirus or not, if you are ill, stay the fuck home. You’re not a hero for going to work when you are unwell. It’s an asshole move. #CoronaVirusUpdate #coronavirus #COVID19
I strongly oppose any effort to slip controversial PATRIOT Act provisions into the coronavirus funding. This sort of backroom trick would jeopardize our public health response and stifle an important debate on Americans’ constitutional right to privacy.  …
Witness: "In the 4-5hrs that I've been here, 5 people have died of #Coronavirus and 10 have been admitted... they lie about their stat. They lie their numbers don't change." The video was taken at 4AM on Feb 27. #IranCoronavirus #CoronaVirusUpdate 
This really is such a sad and scary element of the coronavirus situation -- as more cities around the world take drastic response measures, I hope officials will take the needs of people's pets into consideration  …
"The Hoax Is on Them" - Trump Confirms He Was Talking About Democrats and their Latest "Hoax" on Coronavirus -- Media Pushes Lie Anyway (VIDEO)  … via @gatewaypundit #VOTETRUMP2020
If there is even a single case of Coronavirus in Scotland which of the House-Jocks will be first to demand the resignation of the Cabinet Secretary?
Yes, either coronavirus or Bernie Sanders can be stopped. The train is approaching the switch. On one set of tracks is the coronavirus. On the other is Bernie Sanders. You are holding a lever  …
@PeteButtigieg on the coronavirus outbreak: “ This is one of those moments when we need a president who will listen to science and put facts above politics.” #Covid19 #Covid19usa 
But nobody is politicizing the coronavirus  …
I wrote this Coronavirus guide for founders I work with and many suggested I post more broadly. Hence this post:  …
My 83-year-old mom’s senior living center has a sensible, proactive and clearly explained plan for coronavirus. That’s all. Just sharing good news.
Call me a cynic but I have a feeling that many of the people who tell us climate change is apocalyptic are secretly rooting for the coronavirus.
Italians stay indoors as country records over 1000 Coronavirus cases, 29 deaths 
WATCH: “We’re only as safe as the least insured, sickest person... #MedicareForAll would ensure people could actually get a test for #Coronavirus... You don’t want people not getting tested because it’ll cost them thousands of dollars.” - @RoKhanna 
Democrats are appealing to the bottom of the electorate when they shame President @realDonaldTrump over coronavirus. My new book is out June 2, 2020  
Briefing: "Coronavirus  from China" Trump: "Shut down the Mexican border!"  …
The #coronavirus presser was a course correction, a good pivot. That is  It failed to provide the public, employers or institutions with guidance on how to manage what lies ahead. Come for the analysis, stay for me (struggling for right words) saying "super bad." 
He’s sick...and I’m worried. Not coronavirus...something neuro...and today I’m on anxiety overload. This man is everything to me. If u could, just send us some good energy 
. @IngrahamAngle highlighted our own Bill D'Agostino's study showing @CNN is working overtime to politicize the Coronavirus, despite what @brianstelter would have you 
Marquinhos would rather cancel PSG-Dortmund than play it with no fans due to coronavirus fears "We want our supporters and they will want theirs too. "I hope it doesn't happen. If this decision is made, I think we will ask to cancel the match to play with our supporters." 
#coronavirus The new weapon for the war against @realDonaldTrump causes FIRST AMERICAN VICTIM!  …
JUST IN: Inslee declares emergency in Washington state after first US coronavirus death  
People truly worried about coronavirus would not encourage illegal immigration....
Turkey says it will now open borders and allow any refugees or migrants to go to Lesbos. Lesbos has so many issues already...but now the floodgates have opened and the Greeks (and Europeans) should brace themselves. You think Coronavirus is the threat?  …
Whatever your politics, I think we all wish Boris and Carrie the best of NEWSFLASH NAZANIN ZAGHARI RATCLIFFE, STILL IN IRANIAN JAIL BECAUSE JOHNSON IS THICK ARROGANT TWAT, NOW HAS CORONAVIRUS and not forgetting dilyn the number 10 dog.
Secretary of Health and Human Services Alex Azar said while the risk to average Americans from the new coronavirus remained low, he cautioned, ‘this can change rapidly’  
The coronavirus patient who died was a man in his 50s with underlying medical conditions, according to Washington state health officials. It's the first death associated with the novel virus in the U.S. 
NASA image shows decrease in concentrations of nitrogen dioxide in China — a noxious gas emitted by motor vehicles, power plants, and industrial facilities. Caused in part by one of the largest quarantines in history. #nasa #coronavirus 
The coronavirus is currently killing at a rate of 2.5%. The flu is less than a half percent. The flu is predictable, we know what the flu will do. Coronavirus is not known, we don't know what will happen with it. The flu has a vaccination, the coronavirus does not.
If influenza had a 2% mortality rate like coronavirus, those 30,000 would be 20,000,000. Any other stupid questions?  …
US President Donald Trump: We are banning the travel of anyone who has been to Iran in the last 14 days. We have the greatest healthcare professionals in the world, we are certainly willing and would love to help the Iranians. All they have to do is ask. #Coronavirus 
The mortality rate for feminicides in Mexico increased 138%. The mortality rate for #COVID19 is 2%. This means you have a higher chance of dying from being a woman in Mexico than from dying of Coronavirus.
JUST IN: 10% of coronavirus cases in Lombardy, Italy involve medical personnel.
First case of coronavirus in Republic of Ireland 
In a striking contradiction to WH assertions #coronavirus is under control, the Pentagon's chief of personnel is sharply warning that the virus poses an increased "threat" in areas where US troops and defense personnel are located around the globe.  …
Today, the President, Vice President and Secretary of Health & Human Services referred to the first coronavirus patient who died as a woman. He was a man. The White House is blaming Washington state health officials for the mix-up
If you change your way of living by washing your hands, you’re letting the coronavirus win. #USA
For folks who ask why Turkey doesn't have coronavirus yet: 
ppl on twt callin coronavirus covid19 
Lebanon confirms three new cases of coronavirus, bringing total to seven: NNA  
The line to get into Costco in San Francisco as  grips with the reality that CA might be ground zero for the first massive outbreak of Coronavirus in the United States. 
Hollywood studios are reportedly bracing to lose billions of dollars in ticket sales in Asia and other countries due to fears surrounding the coronavirus. 
My heart goes out to the patient’s family, friends,  We must ensure we have  strategy to limit the spread of the coronavirus and make every effort to keep  safe.  …
During today’s coronavirus presser, Dr. Fauci announced that elderly, obese individuals are at higher risk of falling ill to coronavirus and, tragically, failing to recover. Donald Trump seemed unusually attentive. 
One in 10 confirmed coronavirus cases in Lombardy – the northern Italian region at the center of the country's outbreak – involve medical personnel, according to a regional government official. 
There aren't enough medical masks to fight coronavirus. Here's why it's not going to get better anytime soon 
I admit to being stuck on the fact that the President just convened reporters to announce the 1st US coronavirus death, a man in his 50s in Washington State. The president said "She was a wonderful woman." This is ridiculous. Just stop. Stop talking. Let the scientists talk.
Marquinhos on if PSG vs Dortmund is played behind closed doors because of coronavirus: “If it’s behind closed doors, it’d be better to reschedule the match because they had their fans (in the 1st leg). If it’s like that, we’ll ask to cancel the match to be with our fans.” (RMC)
My video discussion of #coronavirus will be broadcast live here on @Twitter, via Periscope, around 7pm ET. #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronaVirusUpdate #Covid19usa  …
I don't know why everyone is freaking out. Come on folks, the guy who said rake the forests, waterbomb an 800 year old cathedral and nuke a hurricane says this #CoronaVirus is no problem, and it'll probably just miraculously 'disappear' in April. Chill out.
America is one of the few rich countries with no guaranteed paid sick time. More than a third of Americans don't have any. The sad choice many people with Coronavirus symptoms will soon face: should I stay home and lose the paycheck I need to survive?  …
US DEATHS Last year's flu - 80,000 deaths 2009 H1N1 (swine flu) -12,469 deaths Coronavirus - 1 death WORLDWIDE DEATHS Last year's flu - 646,000 deaths 2009 H1N1 (swine flu) - 575,400 deaths Coronavirus - 2,462 deaths Take a deep breath, wash your hands often, relax. w.
Conservative Twitter 2011: Four deaths in Benghazi should bring down the Obama Administration. Conservative Twitter 2020: A few coronavirus deaths are no big deal. The flu kills more every year.
Coronavirus or radiation sickness? IMO Robert David Steele is kinda “out there“ but I consider all things & #coronavirus has odd timing. @realDonaldTrump makes a trade deal with #China and now this... #DeepState trickery? #WWG1WGA_WORLDWIDE  via @YouTube
Ireland is already such a racist country (if you say it’s not you’re delusional) and with the first confirmed case of coronavirus in the republic it’s going to get so much worse. Please don’t spread stupid false info. The fact is all POC are going to face even more abuse
Avril Lavigne Cancels Tour Stops in Asia Amid Coronavirus Fears 
Fears of a pandemic are rising rose as coronavirus cases spread to new countries and death tolls jumped  
Watching King Co Coronavirus PC Gov't is telling us to wash our hands, not touch our face and to  I have a very serious question for @GovInslee : Are we still a sanctuary state during this crisis? Are people who sneak across the border still  with open arms?
A coronavirus vaccine should be free, not 'affordable'  
Republic of ireland prepares ahead of the #coronavirus 
Friendly Reminder: The 3 countries with the highest number of coronavirus cases and the highest rate of death all have universal healthcare.  …
President @realDonaldTrump's job is to protect Americans and their health! WATCH him highlight new measures  the #Coronavirus! 
An interesting point from @Zeynep Tufekci: "Preparing for the almost inevitable global spread of coronavirus is one of the most pro-social, altruistic things you can do." Don't panic about the virus. But do follow her practical and level-headed advice.  …
Japan PM Abe seeks citizens' help in coronavirus fight as Olympics to go ahead  
We need to make coronavirus testing free for anyone a doctor decides should be tested. The cost would be high, but not as high as the cost of sick people not going in to get tested bc they can't afford a $3K medical bill.
Thousands of people globally have died from the coronavirus, including the first US death in Washington state. Seeing the “president” try to spin this as a #hoax is both disgusting and dangerous — this is real life, not some part of his narcissistic fantasy. #Coronavid19
. @RepTimRyan fights for Ohioans and all American's safety. Most recently Tim introduced the #SafeMedicineAct to help protect us from defective/contaminated foreign medicine, especially important during the #coronavirus crisis. #OneVoice1 #OH13 #wtpOH2020  
So there's been an engagement & #BorisBaby announced today to bury the Priti Patel story & the flooding story & the coronavirus story, so let me distract you further! How long will it be until Boris Johnson & Carrie Symonds get divorced? (please RT)
Coronavirus has slowed down economic activity in China so much that satellites can detect the decrease in air pollution — an almost literal example of “Every cloud has a silver lining.” #CoronaVirusUpdate
Totally agree. Places where we have the most vulnerable patient populations are often inadequately staffed and poorly informed. #coronavirus  …
“She was a wonderful woman” President Trump says of the man who died of #Coronavirus in Washington. 
BORDER SECURITY IS HEALTH SECURITY! @realDonaldTrump #Coronavirus 
Coronavirus is the first crisis Trump has faced that he didn’t create.
Doesn't instill a hell of a lot of confidence that there has been one death from the coronavirus so far - the patient described by Trump as a "wonderful woman" was according to officials, a man. This seems like the kind of basics he would know?
I would feel so much better about coronavirus if Elizabeth Warren were running the country.
When you leave a Chinese restaurant and don’t get the Coronavirus 
Trump says "markets will take care of themselves" in response to coronavirus 
Dr. Drew: “The Press Is Overreacting. To Them Everything Is An Emergency. The Press Needs To Shut Up. They Have No Idea How To Report On Medical Issues. The Coronavirus Is a MILD ILLNESS, It Kills Almost No One.” 
. COVID-19 aka Coronavirus SO what do YOU think? Where did the  from? Leave your thoughts in the replies & any supporting sources stay updated via  …
Thank you, @tiktok_us for your efforts and help to ensure your users are accessing reliable #COVID19 information. Beating the infodemic will help us defeat #coronavirus.  …
Dr. Fauci, with Trump and Pence standing behind him, says he has not been muzzled by the Trump administration on the coronavirus. He just had to “stand down” and “re-submit for clearance” to talk to the media. 
1. Trump has again misled USA about coronavirus - from ignorance or for propaganda purposes, I don't know. But his falsehoods again increase risk of a major epidemic, because people don't know if they should take precautions, or if this is no big deal. Here were his words....
Question for any doctors/pathologists who follow me: Is there anything extra to worry about with the #coronavirus? From what I’ve read, it seems similar to the usual flu we have during winter months. Are there any extra symptoms that make it more dangerous than that?
Is the Trump administration limiting or manipulating information about the Coronavirus in the US to influence the stock market or his own political fortunes? We've launched an investigation.  …
DR.SHIVA LIVE: #Coronavirus - Time to talk about Iimmune Health!  …
Associated Press Has Just Confirmed... Dems Lying About Coronavirus Readiness BLOOMBERG, At SC Dem Debate, Claimed Trump Had Fired Pandemic Specialist At WH & Defunded CDC Blames Trump for Spread of The Virus  …
I’ve repeatedly said the CDC must focus resources on nursing homes, long term care facilities,  where the elderly live since they’re at greatest risk  from the coronavirus. It’s so sad to hear that the Kirkland nursing facility may have an outbreak.
Friendly reminder: Trump just cut his press briefing on the coronavirus so he could go to his rally at CPAC. This isn’t a leader.
ISF's clarification corner: The flu in this episode came from Japan, and not China as with real life. The fourth panel simply does not exist and was photoshopped. The Simpsons never referenced the Coronavirus, it was only named in December 2019.  …
BREAKING: Trump Tells The Media To Stop Spreading Coronavirus Panic..  …
#Coronavirus CASES DEATHS 79,251 & 2,835 3,150 & 17 1,128 & 29 946 & 11 593 & 43 102 100 & 2 93 & 2 79 68 & 1 45 45 42 41 39 & 1 25 25 23 20 19 18 16 15 13 12 10 9 8 7 7 4 3 & 1 3 3 3 3 3 2 2 2 
Coronavirus shows the importance of @BernieSanders' Medicare for All. In a pandemic, you don't want people avoiding getting tested or treated because they can't afford a $3,000 medical bill. We're only as safe as the least insured person among us. Everyone has to be 
In light of the #coronavirus concerns, many people have been asking me what they can do. Foundationally, keep your immune system strong & healthy. Here is excellent research via @drjamesdinic and Mark F. McCarty on nutracueticals and the virus: 
First case of coronavirus in Republic of Ireland 
Washington man dies from #coronavirus, the first death in the United States:  
What’s the ETA on Diamond & Silk rapping Coronavirus updates?
The coronavirus theory of cedi appreciation is a distraction from the fact that the government borrowed $6bn in 2 years to support the currency.
If "Human Coronavirus" is listed on a medicinal bottle that's over a year old, than the Coronavirus is NOT a 'brand new' virus. In other words, the Coronavirus hysteria is simply unjustified panic over an ordinary flu strain.  …
Coronavirus has probably done more to reduce carbon emissions this year than all the other measures put together
Me seeing thousands around the world getting infected with the life-threatening #coronavirus. Me seeing the #coronavirus doing it’s part to fight 
Sickening- patient held in mandatory isolation at hospital due to suspected Coronavirus; got nearly $4,000 bills from providers — hospitals doctors, radiologists, an  This is bananas - nobody would test if this happens to people.  …
U.S. stocks were at records just last week, seemingly unaffected by fears that the coronavirus could dent the global economy. Then reality took hold. 
Friends, I will do a LIVE video broadcast tonight around 7pm ET to discuss the #CoronavirusOutbreak. Spread the word, and leave your questions below. #coronavirus #CoronaVirusUpdates #COVID #COVID19usa #COVID19 
. @MikeBloomberg is way out of bounds here He's airing this 3 min attack ad about #coronavirus on NBC & CBS Whatever your politics Muddying the water during a public health situation is a dangerous cheap shot  …
BREAKING: Second case of coronavirus confirmed in Brazil.
UPDATE: @CDCgov has confirmed that the 8th person tested for #COVID19 in the city  back negative. Latest updates:  #coronavirus 
Satellite images have shown a dramatic decline in pollution levels over China, which is "at least partly" due to an economic slowdown prompted by the coronavirus. Extraordinary  …
Trump told America a ‘wonderful woman’ died from coronavirus — but the victim was actually a man -  …
Thanks #Obama, #Obamacare Would Make The #Coronavirus VACCINE FREE Trump doesn’t know this, but the coronavirus vaccine would be free under a provision in the Affordable Care Act. #MOG #BlueWave2020 to protect your #HealthCare and #TrumpNoCARE  …
Thank you, Minister Mr. Gan Kim Yong- Singapore’s Health Minister, for this detailed description of how the #coronavirus is spread & how long it can stay viable on surfaces #CoronaVirusUpdate  …
We went to Life Care Center of Kirkland and found these signs outside. There are about 50 people who have symptoms that could indicate Coronavirus, 2 confirmed cases. (One is 70yo patient at Evergreen, one woman in 40s is a center employee now treated at Overlake) 
JUST IN: Officials announce possible coronavirus outbreak in Washington nursing facility  
"This is their new hoax," he said, apparently referring to Democrats' criticism of the official coronavirus response. 2/2
Because of the #Coronavirus, my wife & I will not be eating any #Chinese food until this epidemic is straightened out. It's not the fear, but we all need to penalize the Chinese everywhere for this worldwide outbreak. Everyone should follow this. Please Re-Tweet. Thank you.
I’ll give $50 to anyone who doesn’t have the coronavirus
"REFUGEE" INJUNCTION BACK This is only one jihadi in the ACLU ready to take down America as they use lawfare to keep the borders open for - invasion - chemical warfare: drug cartels w/fentanyl, heroin - biowarfare: coronavirus, TB, ebola - slave & sex traffic, including children  …
Liar. Trump: "The Democrats are politicizing the coronavirus," "One of my people came up to me and said, 'Mr. President they tried to beat you on Russia, Russia, Russia. That didn't work out too well," Trump said. "They tried the impeachment hoax." 1/2
“My family has quickly grown accustomed to our new routine: wake up, check the local coronavirus-patient count, take our temperatures, then wash our hands.” 
Notwithstanding travel restrictions, the United States will continue to work with our allies to allow humanitarian assistance to the Iranian people, including for the Coronavirus outbreak, through the use of the Swiss Humanitarian Trade Arrangement.
More than 50 people associated with a nursing facility in Kirkland are sick. 2 are confirmed with coronavirus. More positive tests are expected.  
Leslie Lund just tried to visit her brother at Life Care Center of Kirkland, but was turned away. Staff gave her this info sheet on #coronavirus 
#BREAKING Trump says ready to help Iranians with coronavirus if they 'ask' 
NEW: Washington state health officials confirm the first known coronavirus-related death in the U.S.: "The person who died was a patient at Evergreen Hospital who had underlying health condition. It was a male in his 50s."  
People dying on the streets daily from overdoses, but doesn't consider that an emergency. 'No, let's put up safe injection sites.' 1 dies of coronavirus=call out the Nat'l Guard Wa gov declares state of emergency after first US coronavirus patient dies  …
To what crime? Because they are Muslims? #IndianMuslimsInDanger #coronavirus 
While anti-Iran propaganda, peddled by Western imperialists and Iranians in exile, continues to spread hysteria over the #coronavirus, normal decent Iranians living there remain calm and carry on. #Iran  …
Sure Left will call out @realDonaldTrump for Iran travel ban even though Iran has done nothing, nada, zero to contain COVID-19! WH tells people: avoid parts of Italy and South Korea affected by coronavirus and tightens Iran travel ban  #trumptrain1111
Washington state officials flag potential coronavirus outbreak at nursing home 
A case of the coronavirus has been confirmed in the east of Ireland, according to the Health Protection Surveillance Centre  …
Mass in Ireland tonight, during the “Peace be with you.” #coronavirus 
Thoughts with everyone coping with Coronavirus and prayers tonight for the full recovery of Pope Francis who has been identified as a patient.
I’ve been eating my boogers for so long that I’m entirely immune to coronavirus
For the love of God, restrict the flights from infected countries into Dublin Airport !!! #coronavirus #coronavirusireland
Medical response, if any, lags at hieleras. They're notoriously cold and people, including children, often get sick while they're inside. What would be different if someone shows novel Coronavirus symptoms while locked up?
Ireland's Chief Medical Officer Dr Tony Holohan has announced the first case of COVID-19 coronavirus has been confirmed in Ireland
Watch live: Washington state officials provide update on coronavirus cases  …
Every Dem is better equipped than Trump to handle coronavirus crisis. I support @ewarren--who has the smarts, skill  to handle it well. And few have done more for US public health than @mikebloomberg & @joebiden has @ronklain, Obama's ebola czar at his side.
me, to the Costco cashier: why is it so busy today? cashier: people are stocking up on the essentials because of the coronavirus me: [looking at the beer, fruit snacks, and shamrock-shaped ravioli in my cart] oh yeah, same
In a week that's been dominated by hysteria of the Coronavirus halting the Premier League early, it was Sarr's threat that hit Liverpool hardest. A 44-game unbeaten  crashing to a deserved end at Vicarage Road. My verdict from Watford  …
China has done an efficient job in controlling coronavirus Meanwhile Iran: 
Storms, snow, piss, rain, never ending winter and now the bleedin #coronavirus has landed in the Republic of Ireland. 
Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee declares a state of emergency after a man died there of COVID-19, marking the first such reported coronavirus death in the United States. 
What happens if and when an  minor tests positive for novel Coronavirus in a shelter?
LIVE: Washington state health officials provide updates regarding the spread of coronavirus after Gov. Inslee declares state of emergency 
There are currently 66 cases of the coronavirus in the United States There are 3 in Mexico...  …
It was only a matter of time before first coronavirus case was to be confirmed in Ireland. Really important that we heed the advice of medical professionals who have been preparing for this. If you’re worried about Covid-19 get the facts on  …
TRUMP: "Border security is also health security. In our efforts to keep America safe, my administration has taken the most aggressive action in modern history to control our borders and protect Americans from the coronavirus. It came from China." 
WA State Health Official Dr. Duchin: patient who died from #coronavirus was a MAN in his 50s. Earlier today @realDonaldTrump said patient was a woman Trump administration either doesn’t know what’s happening or is lying about what it I Don’t know what’s worse. #TrumpVirus
A nursing home in Washington state has 2 confirmed cases of coronavirus, one health care worker, one patient. Additionally 27 residents and 25 staff are showing symptoms. This is the worst case scenario, an outbreak in a nursing home with so many vulnerable and elderly patients.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy & Infectious Diseases, was scheduled to appear on 5 major Sunday talk shows to discuss coronavirus. WHY did the Trump admin order Fauci to stand down and not appear? What is the Trump WH hiding re: 
A lot going on today... But the Chinese Government official surveys of manufacturing activity this morning were the worst on record following the Coronavirus epidemic, worse than previous low during financial crisis... down from 50 (modest enough after trade tensions)... to 35.7 
Last night, Trump's talking point was "we have lost nobody to coronavirus in the United States." That's no longer true this AM.  …
"Border security is also health security" @realDonaldTrump explains what he's doing in regards to the coronavirus. 
#Breaking First case of coronavirus confirmed in Republic of Ireland
First cases of coronavirus in past 24 hours: - Ireland - Luxembourg - Ecuador - Qatar - Oregon - Monaco
Recent claims that a coronavirus in pangolins was a 99% genetic match to the virus circulating in people were the result of an "embarrassing  
Unfortunately, it’s going to get much worse, before it gets better. This is just the beginning of the #CoronavirusOutbreak here in the United States. #CoronaVirusUpdate #coronavirus #COVID  …
When Trump blocked Chinese travel to prevent the spread of Coronavirus, Chuck Schumer called it racist. When that travel ban worked, Chuck Schumer said Trump was doing nothing to prevent Coronavirus.
if i saw bloomberg on all three network stations at once talking about the coronavirus i'd assume its because he's announcing he just released it into the water supply
Trump said the person who died in Washington state from the coronavirus was “medically high-risk patient in her late 50s." Officials now say it was actually a man.
As the #CoronaVirus outbreak has spreads, Iran's health care workers are under enormous pressure. They deserve our admiration for their hard work. They can also create joy out of a dismal situation. A video showing an Iranian nurse dancing with a lively human spirit. 
Statement from Ireland's Department of Health on the country's first case of coronavirus. Linked to Italy. 
Travel Agent Baicheng (The famous #Alibaba is its second-largest shareholder), once one of the top 10 online travel services, goes bankrupt due to #COVID2019 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbrea. In 2014, it served over 1 million 
BRAZIL CONFIRMS SECOND CASE OF NEW CORONAVIRUS IN THE COUNTRY - HEALTH MINISTRY
BBC News - Coronavirus: Nasa images show China pollution clear amid slowdown  …
"My administration has taken the most aggressive action in modern history to prevent the spread of this illness in the United States. We are ready." - President Trump on the coronavirus. 
The coronavirus patient who died was, in fact, a man — not a woman, according to Washington state health officials.  …
China officials knew of coronavirus in December, ordered cover-up, report says  
#Coronavirus: Nasa images show #China pollution clear amid slowdown " #Nasa scientists said the reduction in levels of nitrogen dioxide-a noxious gas emitted by vehicles & industrial facilities-was first apparent near the source of the outbreak in #Wuhan"  …
Strong decisive leadership prevented this situation from being much worse! . @realDonaldTrump Imagine if I panicked as a Marine pilot or an ER doctor? Everything gets worse with panic! #CoronaVirusUpdate #coronavirus #COVID19  …
The Hoax Is on Them — Trump Confirms He Was Talking About Democrats and their Latest Hoax on Coronavirus Media Pushes Lie Anyway (VIDEO)  …
Walking the streets in a Swedish town, I share some thoughts on history, and leadership in times of crisis. While writing, the first death in America of this ‘Democratic Hoax’ was reported. #alexnote #COVID #corona #virus #health #art #leadership #Coronavirus 
How long til Trump tries to tell us not to trust the Dems #hoax of coronavirus and instead insists that more people are under threat from windmills causing us cancer?
Breaking: Confirmed case of Coronavirus in Republic of Ireland. Details to follow. #coronavirus
Trump has zero integrity & therefore zero credibility. Intelligent, critical thinkers will never follow, or put their trust in, any leader with a credibility factor of zero. The Coronavirus is now a global crisis. The world will look to the United States. We will not be there.
Why did Trump appoint a Coronavirus Czar, if he’s gonna do all of the incorrect updating himself?
These charts and maps show how the coronavirus is spreading across the world  
#Presidementia Hoax Alert: Trump said Friday that Democrats are using the virulent coronavirus as a “hoax” to damage him. Saturday he doubled down on the claim at his presser, linking Russia Hoax with Carona virus and Impeachment.  …
“Whoever thought of this two weeks ago, who would’ve thought this could be going on. Four weeks ago, but things happen in life.” - Trump on coronavirus and, presumedly, why US was not preparing for epidemic while it was hitting China. 
Dr. Jeffrey Duchin, health officer for Seattle and King County, Washington, said during a CDC press briefing on Saturday that the Washington patient who died from the novel coronavirus was a man in his 50s. Earlier today at the WH, POTUS said the patient was a woman.
BREAKING: First case of coronavirus in Ireland
He is a joke, and so are the media outlets that allowed him to buy a 3 minute speech on their networks to stoke fear and disinformation about the coronavirus.  …
3/ Dr. Jeffrey Duchin, health officer for Seattle and King County, Washington, said during a US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention press briefing on Saturday, said that the Washington patient who died from the novel coronavirus was a man in his 50s
BREAKING: Ireland reports first case of coronavirus  …
(G)I-DLE  and world tour amid coronavirus concerns  
Key steps to take right now to get ahead of the #Coronavirus & contain it. My #FOXNews  …
UPDATE: Washington Gov. Jay Inslee declared a state of emergency as coronavirus claimed the life of man in his 50s. "This is a time to  proactive measures to ensure the health and safety of those who live in Washington state," he said. 
The U.S. is among the countries best prepared to prevent or manage a potential coronavirus epidemic. But the virus has already exposed significant vulnerabilities in the ability of the U.S. to respond to serious health emergencies. 
#CoronaVirusUpdate Trump Releases His Coronavirus Containment Plan 
Amazing NASA images show how pollution has CLEARED over China as coronavirus crisis has kept everyone indoors 
The rising death toll in Iran from #coronavirus should be a wake-up call to support an end to sanctions. Crippling the Iranian economy limits their ability to adequately respond to a health crisis. It’s economic warfare and it’s killing people.
Funny because it’s true! #COVID2019 #coronavirus 
I'd rather eat a bag full of BBQ frog butt - than listen to creepy, phony, bologna - Joe talk about how he's going to "save us" from Coronavirus. #Joeisstupid
Dem/MSM Double Standard. Obama Waited Until 'Millions' Infected Before Declaring H1N1 Emergency-MSM Silent. Trump was on the Coronavirus immediately. Travel restricted, border restricted, infected quarantined-MSM spewed lies.  …
Why are UK news channels not reporting Nazanin Zaghari - Ratcliffe catching Coronavirus in her Iranian jail. Are we sending medical supplies, diplomatic assistance, demands to get her home? No baby trumps this woman's plight!
The astoundingly  Trump made about coronavirus during his Friday night rally in South Carolina have already aged poorly  …
"so can you tell us where you think you contracted the coronavirus?" 'standing in line at Costco with hundreds of other people stocking up on supplies'
Re-upping – @ewarren had a plan to handle coronavirus a month ago. Get a president who plans ahead, who believes in science, who doesn't play politics with public health.  …
BREAKING: Governor Jay Inslee declares state of emergency for Washington state in response to coronavirus.
Govt has only tested 500 people. Where are the test kits for Coronavirus?. I am hearing people don't want to pay for it or don't want to pay their deductible. Why isn't this test free, and offered by our govt.? By not testing people, we are allowing the virus to spread.
Empty shelves in #Yokohama supermarket as #coronavirus fears spark food shortages 
Trump Abruptly Ends Coronavirus Presser So He Can Run to CPAC For Applause and Adulation  …
Asked about the danger that labeling the #Coronavirus outbreak a #hoax would lead people to ignore the dangers and fail to protect themselves, Trump denied he meant it that way, but repeated the word “hoax” at least 5 more times. #Pressconference  …
Gilead Sciences, pharma firm with a long history of expensive drug pricing, is developing a Coronavirus antiviral treatment and has a former lobbyist on Trump’s task force 
The Coronavirus outbreak provides a good lesson about what is and what isn't an epidemic. An epidemic is a rise in the cases of *disease* more than expected for a given population. COVID-19 might soon be an epidemic. Youth vaping, a behavior not a disease, is not.
In Washington @GovInslee has declared a state of emergency in response to new #coronavirus cases. #PNW #Portland #PDX #Washington #WA #Seattle #KingCounty #Oregon #OR #coronavirusus #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronaVirusUpdate #koin6news #COVID19
‘The president thinks he can wing this’: Ex-White House official urges Trump to ‘step aside’ on coronavirus  …
About that #BDS movement...NEVER MIND! “Israeli scientists claim to be weeks away from #coronavirus vaccine”  …
Klopp: "No excuses. It's normal that all the talk about not getting the title because of the coronavirus affected the players, but I'm not going to make excuses."  …
What's shocking is how hard this is for people to accept. I will never vote for Trump and think he's a terrible person *and* many in the media falsely said Trump called the coronavirus a hoax last night. If we want Trump to be honest, we should want the media to be as well.  …
Coronavirus is good politics for Bloomberg, given he's the only candidate who's ever had to do large scale public health co-ordination. Not saying this to be pro-Bloomberg (I'm not at all) or pro-politicizing the virus. I just expect him to lean in hard on this point.  …
is “Coronavirus” a new luchador
What’s so scary/coincidental about the 40 year old doctor in China who died is that he was also the coronavirus whistleblower. And China tried to hide his death at first but failed, presumably in part bc he had been the whistleblower.  …
This is Scarier than Coronavirus!! Our Fake President is Very Unwell! I was saying the same thing while watching today's press conference!! Trump looked totally out of it!!  …
Found these signs at Life Care Center of Kirkland “No Visitors: We Are Having Respiratory Outbreak.” @NatashaChenCNN confirms- there are about 27/108 residents and 25/180 staff who have reported symptoms that might suggest coronavirus. @KIRO7Seattle 
CORONAVIRUS PRESS HEARING RECAP: A bunch of dusty old white dudes were forced to perform verbal fellacio on Trump while lying to Americans about Trump’s response to Coronavirus and the threat it poses to Americans
Bloomberg is tone deaf...he's pushing for open borders for foreign college grads...during the Coronavirus pandemic overseas. Billions can't buy you brains, apparently. #Trump2020 #TurnCongressRed  …
Quand @MPokora se pose des questions sur le #CoronaVirus et supprime ses tweets parce que ses followers se foutent de sa gueule #Ebola #ResteChanteurMerci 
UPDATE: Man in Kirkland first US Coronavirus death in US, two more new cases confirmed.  …
Trump today praised the "wonderful woman" who was the first US victim of #coronavirus. The CDC briefed reporters just now that the victim was actually a male.
I don’t know about you guys but I  confidence that President Hamberder and Vice President Pray-It-Away are going to keep our country protected from the Coronavirus.
So @RoKhanna says we need 15 Billion to fight #CoronaVirus.
Didn't people freak when Trump gave a Presidential address as, you know, the President? Bloomberg can do it though no problem. News channels will cut away from coronavirus press conferences but that sweet Bloombox money? Yes please sir.  …
Why is Marco Rubio politicizing Coronavirus? Perhaps he couldn’t find a science reference in his Mythology book. “Bless” his heart. Vote BLUE 2020 for Science. Mishijo...
President Trump and VP Pence said the victim who died was a woman in her 50s. CDC and WA officials in a call with reporters right now confirming the deceased patient was a man in his 50s who was first identified as a possible coronavirus case yesterday  …
Kim Jong Un Threatens To Execute Politburo Members If They Fail To Contain Coronavirus Outbreak  …
BREAKING: Governor of Washington State declares state of emergency over coronavirus
If you're thinking you're some kind of  genius wishing mass death by coronavirus on Republicans, either slap yourself and fix your shit in a gigantic fucking hurry or unfollow me right now. You know EXACTLY who you are.
According to Democrats, President Trump @realDonaldTrump hasn't done enough. Yet they have fought him taking steps to protect our country since the beginning of this. Real leaders do not panic in stressful situations! #coronavirus #COVID19 
A virtual lock that he will not say a word about Beijing's insane negligence and irresponsibility in allowing for the global outbreak of the coronavirus.  …
Scientists: "We fear it's too late to reverse pollution-caused climate change" Coronavirus: "Hold my beer"  …
What a fricking dumbass. Debra Messing blames Trump for coronavirus while citing false stats: 'He puts Americans in mortal danger'  …
Statement: Washington Governor Jay Inslee declares state of emergency due to coronavirus 
New York Stock Exchange considers shutting trading floor amid #coronavirus fears as Wall Street firms tell workers to prepare to work from home  
MAGA’s refusal to acknowledge that Donald Trump dangerously referred to coronavirus as a “hoax” highlights exactly why Trumpism bears the hallmarks of a cult.
#Iran: Coronavirus Fatalities Exceeds 500 Meanwhile, the religious fascism ruling Iran is making every effort to prevent the disclosure of the actual number of the victims.  … #COVID2019 #FreeIran2020
Last night Trump claimed Democrats are using coronavirus as "their new hoax."  …
In light of the spreading coronavirus, thinking about how the US does not guarantee paid sick leave, and 25% of people in the US say they or a family member delayed treatment for a serious medical condition in the past year because they couldn't afford it.  …
I think a mistake that's being made - and something that Trump loves + is trained to play to - is thinking about the effects of a crisis such as coronavirus on a purely individual level.
The Seattle area just saw the first US death from the coronavirus...this is a time to think about ways in which the state and power will try to capitalize on fear and panic. We aren't afraid of a death toll nearly as much as clampdown or a racist attack in the wake of this news.  …
Sadly and prayerfully, today, we learned of the first death from the #coronavirus in the United States. The American people expect a well-coordinated, fully-funded response that appropriately addresses this public health crisis.
This how coronavirus started in the UK  …
Please dont do it @VP!! @NYGovCuomo cant be trusted to do the right thing for NY Cuomo urges Mike Pence to let New York handle coronavirus testing  … via @nypmetro
BREAKING: Washington State Governor Jay Inslee declares state of emergency due to coronavirus
In summary, Trump just said that the media saying that he called the coronavirus a hoax is a hoax because when he said hoax he was really calling the media calling his handling of coronavirus a hoax. Any questions?
Trump says he’s considering closing the southern border because of the Coronavirus. We know this is utter BS, because there are only 3 cases in Mexico. Trump is doing this because his “Remain in Mexico” rule was rejected by the court and he’s pissed.  …
U.S. CDC says the 'risk to the public is increasing' due to signs  spread of coronavirus, but there's currently no evidence of national spread  …
- FLU/CORONAVIRUS-related - have a supply of basic medicines that help with symptoms of flu or COVID-19. This includes: mucinex/similar for lungs, cold/flu medication of your choice, fever-reducer (Advil/tylenol or generics). /10
The hit to the travel industry has the potential to  a major drag on the global economy if the coronavirus continues to spread around the world 
After many false reports, #Coronavirus has officially debuted in every continent except Antarctica. COVID-19 will soon reach every country on the planet. 
Thanks Obama, Obamacare Would Make The Coronavirus Vaccine Free  …
So in what looks to be an unprecedented move by a candidate, @MikeBloomberg bought three minutes of airtime tomorrow night to address the nation on coronavirus
An Eye-Opening Interview About the #Coronavirus With Gordon Chang At CPAC 
Credit where credit due- @realDonaldTrump did EXCELLENT job at #Coronavirus press conference. Measured, patient (even w/some occasional dumb questions) while clarifying that virus itself isn’t a hoax—the Dems‘ *politicization* of it, IS. This is NO time for politics. #TrishRegan
Trump And Pence Confirm First Coronavirus Death In US, Announce Travel Restrictions To Iran, Italy, South Korea!!  …
Further information on the possible coronavirus outbreak at Life Care in Washington State provided by @DocJeffD . Facility has about 108 residents/180 staff. Approx 27 residents and 25 staff have symptoms. Two confirmed (one health worker and one resident).
Y’all the Coronavirus has been on the label for years now... this virus isn’t something new it’s just barley being brought to our attention.  …
President Trump is leading an aggressive response and preparation effort for Coronavirus. A month ago, @realDonaldTrump formed a Coronavirus Task Force to coordinate his administration’s response.  …
At this point I would feel safer if the Coronavirus gave a press conference about how it’s going to save us from Trump.
Good news: We will soon be able to perform our own tests for #COVID19 here in New York City. #coronavirus 
Shiraz, #Iran Voice says the man has fallen to the ground & has #coronavirus. Reports: -Many hospitalized in Shiraz; at least 7 dying in 3 hospitals each day -Security units secretly burying the victims -Hospital staff not allowed to announce these deaths as COVID-19 cases 
In China, Barbers are now using Selfie-Sticks to Shave #CoronaVirus suspects. Question, how will he receive the money? #BBIInMeru #murkomen #BabuOwino #moseskuria  – at Kisumu, The Lakeside City.
Same Twitter crowd: "Railway blockades are crippling the economy." "Coronavirus! Shut down the airports now!" Pick a lane, people.
Politicizing the Coronavirus. Wednesday, @realDonaldTrump gave  update on the virus in the US. He showed leadership in every area!! Democrats have no response except to lie and politicize something that IS NOT A PROBLEM in the US! (I follow back 
The most disappointing thing about the Trump Coronavirus press conference is that not a single reporter asked  spread or coronavirus test kits being made available to clinicians. Instead they ask about Dr. Fauci being muzzled. The media treats this like reality TV.
#Coronavirus #COVID19 Sx: fever, dry cough, dyspnea, myalgia, headache, sorethroat Incubation: 3-7d Transmission: resp droplets, even when asymptomatic Prevention: contact, wash hands Tx: ? remdesivir/lopinavir/ritonavir Who to 
Dr. Anthony Fauci says if this coronavirus turns out to be like others he's studied, he believes people who get it -- and recover -- are not likely to be reinfected. 
#Breaking: Governor of Washington State declares state of emergency due to the Coronavirus outbreak ( @ByMikeBaker)
While @CDCgov considers #COVID19 a serious situation and is taking preparedness measures, the immediate risk in the U.S. is considered low. Everyone should always take simple precautions to help prevent the spread of respiratory illnesses.  #coronavirus 
Seventeen-day-old baby girl recovers from #coronavirus without medication after being born to a confirmed patient.  …
New coronavirus case confirmed at Tenerife hotel on lockdown  
WATCH: Trump says administration "very strongly" considering closing southern border amid coronavirus outbreak  
Alex Azar, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, admitted Wednesday that a vaccine for the coronavirus might not be affordable for all Americans. 
Bezos Trying to Create a Crisis Amazon Tells 800,000 Employees to Avoid Domestic, International Travel over Coronavirus  …
More details on CDC-reported possible outbreak of coronavirus in a skilled nursing facility in Washington State  …
BREAKING: Washington Gov. Jay Inslee has declared a state of emergency over coronavirus. It allows the use of the National Guard, if necessary.  
Family of Nazanin Zaghari Ratcliffe, the British-Iranian woman detained in Iran, think she has contracted #Coronavirus at Evin prison in Tehran and want her to be tested. 
Has anyone heard ONE prominent Democrat pledging to work with President Trump  the Coronavirus threat? Just one? Curious.
I'd much rather have Bernie in charge of the coronavirus epidemic. 
So I’m at the doctors today and a guy is lying about being exposed to the #coronavirus in order to be seen first! The nurse told me that the man changed his story real quick! I don’t appreciate morons trying to fake possible exposure to get in front of the line!! #notfunny
China’s worst plagues based on DEATH: SARS: 774 Swine Flu: 737 CoronaVirus: 2.8K Communism: 60,000,000
Coronavirus: Nasa images show China pollution clear amid slowdown  …
Dr. Fauci said 15-20% of people who get #coronavirus will need hospitalization. Think about the scale of that if virus spreads. This is why testing is so important to help contain the virus. And why the House will pass a supplemental funding package  coronavirus.  …
In this video I share my opinions about the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) epidemic and Multiple Sclerosis. If you want to better understand COVID-19 and how it might impact people with MS, then start watching right now!  
the president's official statement on how to get through the Coronavirus: Step 1) Be Healthy Step 2) Go through a process (probably) 
A reporter really just accused Trump of “muzzling” Doctor Fauci over the coronavirus. TRUMP: “Very dishonest question!” FAUCI: “I’ve never been muzzled and I’ve been doing this since Reagan.” 
Did you bump your head? Nowhere in that clip does he call Coronavirus a hoax. He’s very clearly labeling the narrative pushed by Democrats that he isn’t handling the threat properly a hoax. Now if you wanna dispute his claim, that’s one thing. But you’re blatantly lying here.  …
Here's why Obamacare would likely make any coronavirus vaccine free for patients — and prove critical in fighting the disease  …
#UPDATE The new #coronavirus has now hit 61 countries across the globe, with more than 2,900 people killed and nearly 86,000 infected since it was first detected in the central Chinese city of Wuhan late last year  
....so all the people with tuberculosis and the flu and coronavirus  pouring in.... DUH.
The media/Dems tell us Trump's mishandling of coronavirus will kill untold numbers of Americans. Then the media/Dems demand open borders. Because... They want untold number of American to die.
Wow. Actually using one week, after all the fear and panic YOU and your ilk started over #coronavirus as an overall economic indicator. How low will you go? You are willing to destroy our country...ALL OF US just because you hate Trump. I am gobsmacked at your level of evil.  …
The coronavirus is "the kind of virus that would be extremely difficult to contain even in a best-case scenario, and the world is hardly in a best-case scenario now," writes the editorial board 
FOOD FOR THOUGHT Why would Soros warn @POTUS of potential economic doom just days after the 1st known coronavirus patient returned from a Wuhan China visit January 15th? Soros has been outraged with the trade deal @realDonaldTrump made with  …
BREAKING: U.S. Adds Nations To Travel Restrictions As Trump Assures Nations On Coronavirus  …
We can confirm that Coronavirus disease adversely affects uninfected Democrats way more than it does regular uninfected Americans.
Interesting how several people out West are  down w/ #Coronavirus with no logical ties how they contracted it. Count me skeptical that this new testing process is accurate. Too many bad guys want to harm our economy in order to get Trump out of office.
York Region confirms first positive case of #COVID19. Join our live stream at 4:00 p.m. to hear from York Region Medical Officer of Health Dr. Karim Kurji for additional details.  … #coronavirus
So the CoronaVirus is causing mass hysteria but millions of undocumented and unvetted illegals in America doesn't' worry liberals at all...
IMPORTANT: President Trump Delivers Remarks on Coronavirus and additional actions for the U.S.  …
The coronavirus is so dangerous that it has caused people not infected by it to hallucinate things that were never said about an Epidemic that never was.
Last night Trump told his rally crowd that coronavirus was a hoax. I expected that to be on the front page of every news site this morning. It wasn't. The President lied about the pandemic on the same day all government employed scientists have been gagged. It's not a  …
#WATCH on @OANN: Take a look at the latest updates on the coronavirus outbreak in the U.S. from today’s press conference. @realDonaldTrump @VP 
Witness: "I asked this person for an address few minutes ago, he was coughing and told me to stay back, then fell on the ground. I came back, I saw him lying on the ground, coughing like there were bricks instead of his lungs!" #IranTruth #IranCoronaVirus #COVID19 #Coronavirus 
Joe Lieberman and Tom Ridge support President Trump's decision to have Vice President Pence lead the task force on #coronavirus.  …
Bloomberg: "Trump was briefed on the coronavirus two months ago, but he just buried his head in the sand." 
I’m watching Trump & Pence talk & fumble this coronavirus emergency and I’m imagining Elizabeth Warren and Kamala Harris standing there instead. President and Vice President. Or Castro. Anyway, this would be handled so perfectly by Warren. Would be calming and EDUCATING America.
Grant Robertson entirely wrong to say he had “good numbers” going into coronavirus. The 1.6% growth he oversaw is under half where we’ve been and should be, going into this. And no economic growth plan whatsoever on offer from him. Just verbiage.
If Dr. Fauci wasn’t being muzzled why did he have to “stand down” and not go on weekend shows until he met with Trump’s team for “clearance”? #HoaxPresident #Fauci #hoax #coronavirus 
Y’all—as Muslims we’re taught to wash our hands *at least* 15 times a day Prophet Muhammad (sa) said “Cleanliness is half the faith.” In other words, you don’t gotta wait for a global pandemic to start washing hands. Though now that one has—its a good time to start #coronavirus
Richard Radcliffe: 'The prison is avoiding confirming whether Nazanin has coronavirus – but I would be surprised if she doesn’t.' We must keep fighting to bring her home. Please sign the petition, and stand with Nazanin and Richard. 
BREAKING: Trump bans travel from #Iran so any foreign national who visited Iran in the past 14 days will not be able to enter the US, due to a fast spread of #Coronavirus. Note: Trump has a travel ban on Iran already so not many Iranians travel to the US anyways.
“If the coronavirus crisis makes anything clear, it’s that we need to stop relying on China for our critical medical supply chains.” @HawleyMO says he will introduce a bill aimed at making the US medical supply chain less reliant on  …
CDC director Nancy CDC Director Nancy Messonnier said the three coronavirus cases in Washington include the first reported death, as well as the first case in a health care worker and the first case in a skilled nursing facility.
On 28 February, @WHO raised the risk assessment for the #COVID19 outbreak to “very high” globally, based on the spread of the new #coronavirus & countries’ capacity to respond. The risk within #China remained unchanged as "very high."
Trump doesn’t know this, but the coronavirus vaccine would be free under a provision in the Affordable Care Act.  … via @politicususa
Hey everybody I'm really worried. I went to a bar this afternoon and ordered a Bud Light. My bartender accidentally gave me a Corona Light. I drink it before I realized what it was. Does that mean I'll get the coronavirus but not as bad?
Coronavirus: US confirms first death of ‘high-risk’ patient 
Trump is asked about Pence’s failure while Indiana Gov in response to a HIV crisis. Trump is defending Pence saying he’s done “phenomenal job” with healthcare. Now Pence is defending his failures as by downplaying it. It’s clear Pence has no business running coronavirus response.
Behold! Ayatollah Tabrizian - the Gwyneth Palthrow of Iran. The prominent clergyman who denounces "Western medicine" as "un-Islamic" has published tips on how to avoid #Coronavirus: Dip a cotton ball in essential oil & insert into your anus  …
BREAKING: Trump Tells The Media To Stop Spreading Coronavirus Panic... HOPEFULLY THEY WILL LISTEN ME. PRESIDENT  …
MORE: U.S. officials announce new travel restrictions due to coronavirus  
Trump urged the Fed to lower rates and said the U.S. is considering restrictions at the Mexican border in response to the coronavirus outbreak 
coronavirus outbreak is a perfect time for Philly to bring back these Terrence Howard billboards 
For those that missed it last night: here is our mentally deranged President calling the #coronavirus a hoax while an American was dying from it in Washington. Pass it on.  …
Question, i’m not a CoronaVirus expert, that’s for sure Has anyone heard if you can get it again if you just had it.?? Or do people gain an immunity once exposed.?? #coronavirus #SaturdayMotivation
The media is furious that the President of the United States is not in a panic and panicking the American people about Coronavirus. But if he was panicking they would attack him for that. He cannot win with them. Level 4 #Coronavid19 Italy And South Korea Fauci.
Here's the clip:  coronavirus to "Russia, Russia, Russia" and his "perfect call" and calls it a "new hoax."  …
The only "hoax" surroundin' the #coronavirus is the belief that Trump actually cares.
In light of the current outbreak of coronavirus disease (COVID-19), the @UN Secretary-General has suggested to the Chair of @UN_CSW that Member States consider amending the format and conduct of the session. Full advisory here:  
Dr. Fauci confirms that around 20% of #coronavirus patients require hospitalization. That's the crux of the problem. Our hospitals don't have this capacity.
@realDonaldTrump never said ‘the coronavirus’ is a hoax. He said we must be prepared for the virus , support each other, and not panic. The hoax he referred to has to do with, yet, another hyperbole by his opposition, weaponizing the virus against him politically. He’s right!
 that have been affected by coronavirus: Apple Berkshire Hathaway Carnival Coca-Cola Delta Disney Domino’s Expedia FedEx General Mills Hasbro Hilton HP Hyatt Lululemon Marriott Mastercard Microsoft Nike PayPal P&G Royal Caribbean Starbucks Toyota United UPS Walmart
Fake news alert No, Trump did not call the coronavirus a hoax  …
"Coronavirus be like... 
This reporter was on her game. She asked Trump if using the word HOAX at his Rally will make people take the Coronavirus less seriously. His answer is garbage! He will never take responsibility for anything! #TrumpLiesAboutCoronavirus #hoax #coronavirus 
The Very Fine People Hoax, Coronavirus edition.  …
OTHER TRUMP IDEAS TO COMBAT CORONAVIRUS: 1. More tax cuts for the wealthy. 2. Making English the official language of America. 3. Making Christianity mandatory. 4. Making the presidency hereditary.  …
Players are trying to stay away from the coronavirus Stay safe y’all 
Mike Bloomberg campaign says it’s buying 3 minutes of NBC, CBS airtime around 8:30 ET tomorrow to give brief address on coronavirus. 
I don’t get it. If the masks are not effective at preventing people from catching coronavirus, then why is it a problem if health-care workers don’t have them?  …
Stephen Miller’s new wife is in charge of approving all  – Raw Story #SaturdayThoughts This is how it’s done in an authoritarian country, not in a democracy,  …
Coronavirus worldwide deaths: 2,942 Flu deaths in the United States: 16,000
When  to the coronavirus, it’s extremely important to approach this based on facts and evidence alone—not sensationalism and innuendo to get tons of clicks and views. That means listening to actual scientists and doctors, not media personalities out to make more money.
Bloomberg’s ads are almost entirely focused now on Coronavirus and the need for trusted, steady presidential leadership. He touts his post-9/11 record especially. @ThisAlexTin reports his California ads are almost exclusively on this subject.
1/ Dr Takasu, a Japanese doctor (plus, a great patriot & avid philanthropist), has been warning the risk/danger of the coronavirus and urging the government to make its countermeasures stricter since....  …
From January - Joe Biden: Trump is worst possible leader to deal with coronavirus outbreak  … via @usatoday
Coronavirus might show us just how bad the past 40 years of deindustrialization has been for us. While we have trouble getting even test kits out, other countries have ramped up production of masks, gloves, testing kits, and other protective gear.
MUST WATCH President @realDonaldTrump lays out the facts about his administration dealing with the coronavirus and pointedly says the #hoax he spoke to was specifically concerning the lies about his administration’s efforts to protect Americans by Democrats and the 
A core problem to the US response to coronavirus is the lack of available testing. The woman who just died in Seattle did not travel to a region with infections  in to contact with anyone known to have coronavirus. Why is the US so far behind the rest of world?
Trump is raging over the coronavirus—and there's panic inside the West Wing that  fictionalizing could trigger an even bigger crisis if the coronavirus truly explodes: “This is a black swan event,” says one former official 
We’re all chanting “the coronavirus isn’t an excuse to be xenophobic” but people still wanna make these tweets 
NEW: Tomorrow night @MikeBloomberg will deliver a 3 minute address on the Coronavirus that will air nationwide on NBC and CBS “The public wants to know their leader is trained, informed and respected.” He says in a statement. 
Trump is categorically, deliberately lying about the number of confirmed #coronavirus cases in the US. There have been at minimum 68 confirmed cases of patients infected w/ #COVID19. NOT A HOAX: On January 31, HHS declared Wuhan coronavirus a public health emergency in the US.  …
Boris and Carrie baby and engagement news 'very convenient' says Labour MP Yes, lets ignore #coronavirus Let's ignore bully #patel Let's ignore #ukfloods Johnson gets his fourth or fifth woman pregnant  …
Santa Monica packed with people. Pier as busy as ever. No change of behavior here... Golds Gym packed as well. 75 and sunny. Not virus weather. #coronavirus
Trump yesterday said the original 15 coronavirus patients “seem to all be getting better, one is questionable.” Less than 24 hours later, one person has died.  …
after news of a coronavirus death in Washington state that is the first from the disease in the US, CDC officials are holding a press conference at 12. stay tuned.
President* Trump says coronavirus is a hoax. Coronavirus shows us that President* Trump is a hoax, too.  …  
JUST IN: Three new coronavirus cases in Ontario, Canada
Democrats Lie About Coronavirus To Attack Trump. Their Policies Could Make Fighting Pandemics More Difficult.  via @realDailyWire @RealSaavedra
One person has died in the U.S. so far from coronavirus, and the fake news is having an absolute cow. Compare that to the 16,000 deaths from influenza this flu season, according to the CDC. Where’s the hysteria about this?
“This bug is particularly wily, particularly bad." Professor Gabriel Leung, Epidemiologist and Hong Kong University's medicine dean, says the Covid-19 coronavirus "is more infective than the 2009 pandemic flu” and that "every second, every day counts" #Newsnight | 
Grabber in his Press Conference said that the Politicians & Media should stay out of the Coronavirus issue. We should leave it to the Professionals! SURE, IF WE COULD FIND ONE IN THE WHITE HOUSE! 
This is the Governor of Washington reporting first victim from #coronavirus is a 19 year old male w/ no underlying medical conditions which contradicts @realDonaldTrump’s presser claiming the victim was a sick woman in her 50s Trump is lying about the seriousness of the  …
Biden blasts Trump for calling coronavirus a 'hoax' Trump's “bizarre” and "dangerous" remarks on the coronavirus are harming the U.S.'s reputation. #hoax we should all decry this dangerous gaslighting  
BREAKING: First case of coronavirus confirmed in Luxembourg.
Trump directing his coronavirus task force to launch attacks on Democrats to avoid blame. Everything about Trump is based on lies. My question is why does #MAGA keep buying Trump's lies, deceit & disinformation? What do they get from being so 
#CoronaVirusUpdate Most vulnerable to the coronavirus are the elderly, as well as people with cardiovascular disease, diabetes, chronic respiratory illness, high blood pressure and cancer. Sound like anyone we know? 
Yesterday's insane Inslee tweet took credit for WA's great coronavirus response. Now that the first US death is in our state, I haven't seen any tweets from the guv taking blame - I wonder why?  …
Hola, you can read it here: Thread by @MollyMcKew: Here is a practical preparedness guide for coronavirus. My point in this:  from…  …. Enjoy :)
How can people on cable news not call out how trump began the coronavirus press conference by bragging about how he defeated ISIS and he’s bragging about the Afghanistan “peace deal”?! By not doing that they are normalizing his BS!!
President @realDonaldTrump has expanded travel restrictions on Iran. He has also upgraded travel advisories to Level 4, urging Americans to not travel to areas in Italy and South Korea most affected by the coronavirus. 
The Trump administration announces new travel restrictions for Iran, Italy and South Korea in response to the spread of coronavirus  
#Coronavirus has now hit every continent on earth apart from Antarctica - with more than 85,000 suspected and confirmed cases worldwide. Here's how #COVID19 crept across the world 
The President did a rally last night. Then we all know that he worked on coronavirus and the  home all night long. Then this news conference. Now he's going to speak at CPAC. President Trump is amazing!
DON'T JOKE ABOUT THE CORONAVIRUS DON'T JOKE ABOUT THE CORONAVIRUS DON'T JOKE ABOUT THE CORONAVIRUS DON'T JOKE ABOUT THE CORONAVIRUS DON'T JOKE ABOUT THE CORONAVIRUS DON'T JOKE ABOUT THE CORONAVIRUS and i can't stress this enough: DON'T. JOKE. ABOUT. THE. CORONAVIRUS.
As the coronavirus continues to spread in the United States, it’s too late for the president to portray himself as a steady leader who can be trusted during a crisis.
Trump sets new travel restrictions over coronavirus, considering southern border shut-down  …
I thought about going outside today and crossing the street, but decided to play it safe and get the Coronavirus instead.
Dear Trump; If the #coronavirus is a hoax as you’ve said please feel free to explain why you held a SECOND press conference about it today and how exactly this hoax took the life of a woman living in Washington? #COVID19 #CoronaVirusUpdate
Sincere question: Have any of the big  voluntarily stepped up and offered to help create a coronavirus vaccine?
My Sunday column looks back at the 1918 Spanish Flu and gets reaction of experts to the fundamental question: Is This Coronavirus ‘the Big One’ and how should we prepare?  I  your thoughts.
Mike Pence Claims The Cure To The Coronavirus Is Carrying A Pocket Bible. #Atheist  …
. FAKE NEWS - LEFTIST MEDIA LIED on DR. FAUCI 'MUZZLING' / CORONAVIRUS Media Accuses Trump of Muzzling Dr. Fauci from Speaking to Reporters – Dr. Fauci Then Tells Reporters “I Was Not Muzzled” . Exactly WHY Trump called media handling a HOAX ...  …
MORONS: 38% OF AMERICANS REFUSE TO DRINK CORONA BEER DUE TO CORONAVIRUS  
Okay, if you have around 2,900 deaths from the Coronavirus from around 85,000 cases that's a death rate of about 3.4% is it not? So why is the official death rate listed at around 2%? What am I missing here?
He couldn't handle an HIV outbreak in a very small town in IN, but he can handle a coronavirus pandemic in a COUNTRY? That's not very reassuring.  …
Nobody worry. Trump is going to get Zelensky to announce an investigation into Coronavirus.
No one appears to have asked Fauci or Azar or the rest about what is being done to figure out how people with no known travel to affected places or contact with quarantined people contracted Coronavirus  spread.
I do not believe it when they say we do not need masks. I think they are saying this to avoid a mask shortage so people will not buy them up. This is my opinion after watching the incessant whitewashing and lying about the #coronavirus done by @realDonaldTrump and his people.
According to what I hear from #Iran, almost 5,000 people have lost their lives due to #CoronaVirus/ #COVID19 outbreak. A friend of mine, Saber Abdol-Razagh, a retired #IRIAF officer who was KC-707's boom operator & crewchief in 1970/80s died today because of #COVID2019. 
Last night the leader of the free world was caught on video saying the coronavirus was a Dem hoax. Today, after the first United States death in Washington State is announced, he babbles and bumbles as he denies saying it. 
Morons that don’t listen to words, @realDonaldTrump did not say the coronavirus is a hoax!! .. He is saying the Democrats are using the coronavirus for political gain to criticize him! #coronavirusus
After the first American #Coronavirus-related death, Trump forced to admit the virus is real, yet still somehow a hoax.  …
A friendly reminder: people who will be high-risk patients if we get coronavirus can hear you when you reassure everyone we're the only ones who might die.
“We’re going to be very transparent on coronavirus” said the guy who still won’t release his tax returns
If you’re young and healthy, please don’t go panic buying all the medical supplies for yourself. The coronavirus poses the greatest risk for the elderly and those with chronic medical conditions like diabetes, smoking, heart disease, and obesity. Leave some supplies for them too.
This administration is doing a terrible job of handling and addressing coronavirus
Trump: Coronavirus is the Democrat’s new hoax! Breaking News: First US death from Coronavirus. Also Trump: Hoax? What? I never said a hoax. Who would call this a hoax? #TrumpVirus
After First US Coronavirus Death, Trump Holds Disastrous Press Conference  …
He looks like if coronavirus caught coronavirus 
The Trump Administration took early action on coronavirus—a choice that bought time and saved lives. 
Pete Buttigieg calls for coronavirus response "based on science," not politics after Trump says Democrats are politicizing outbreak  …
Mike Pence is not happy when Dr. Fauci says: "You'll hear in the media a college student just died, it's going to happen." #coronavirus 
According to #foxnews @LelandVittert the #Coronavirus is hitting older people hard. He then went on to state that the person in Washington State was in their 50’s. Ummmmmmm, when did 50  elderly?
President Trump plans to meet with  on Monday to discuss potential coronavirus vaccines  
Stop the Coronavirus hysteria. It’s not the Black Death or the Antonine Plague ... it’s a bad flu. Listen to the top disease expert in the US explain in 2 mins. 
The media has it wrong again. Trump called the politicizing of the virus by democrats the hoax, not the seriousness of the coronavirus.  …
One person has died from Coronavirus in the United states. They were medically high risk. How many have died from flu? #Fauci #CoronaVirusUpdate.
America is well ahead of the curve and staying on top of the coronavirus situation - thanks to the early action and decisiveness of @realDonaldTrump. Very important that he addressed Americans today to instill calm, give an update & ease  …
Still finding this video astonishing. Extraordinarily serious allegations from well respected top civil servant Philip Rutnam. Don’t be distracted by the well timed news from number 10 to make the Sunday front pages by the way! #PritiAwful #Rutnam #Flood #COVID19 #Coronavirus  …
I loathe Trump, but I do believe he was using the word "hoax" in claiming that Democrats are trying to blame Trump for the coronavirus crisis. The video confirms that was how he meant it, and it's irresponsible that so many in the media spread the "hoax" narrative last night.
Pretty clear. Trump's POV is the Democrats tried everything and now they're trying to say the Administration's reaction to coronavirus is bad. That is the "hoax." Not the virus itself. You certainly can argue his POV is wrong, but he does not say the virus is a hoax.  …
Korea has had more coronavirus female than male patients. This is different than other case studies. Worth watching  …
For those keeping track: 66 cases of Coronavirus in US 3 cases of Coronavirus in Mexico. This is @realDonaldTrump administration using the virus and death of Washington woman to pursue his racist immigration policy. Don’t be  …
California lawmakers Ted Lieu, Nancy Pelosi, Adam Schiff and Gavin Newsom are not satisfied with how Trump is handling CoronaVirus Los Angeles . 
. @AndrewFeinberg asks Trump a great question about why Americans should trust Pence to oversee the coronavirus response given that he allowed an HIV outbreak to spiral out of control in Indiana. Pence downplays the situation by saying the outbreak happened in "a very small town." 
the coronavirus “jokes” aren’t funny, wrap it up
Pres. Trump on the Dow Jones losses over coronavirus fears: "The markets will  back...safety, health, number one. The markets will take care of themselves."  
HHS Sec Alex Azar is now saying that the risk is low for coronavirus. Pence and Azar wasted a lot of time praising Trump for “all he’s done.” They are now saying coronavirus is like the modern cold. It’s obvious they have no real plan and no real idea what they’re doing.
Pres. Trump on the Dow Jones losses over coronavirus fears: "The markets will  back...safety, health, number one. The markets will take care of themselves."  
BREAKING: First case of coronavirus in Luxembourg
President Trump announced new travel restrictions to Iran. This is not expected to impact most Americans, except for John Kerry. #coronavirus #loganact #trumpderangementsyndrome #MAGA
Superb press briefing by President Trump, Vice President Pence and the coronavirus team. Should set the stage for a bipartisan approach to meeting the health challenge.
Dan Bongino rips liberal for politicizing #Coronavirus 
“The best way to stop the spread of coronavirus is to wash your hands, not perpetuate racist stereotypes,” the letter reads 
Capitalism is so evil: "experts say that buyers should certainly be wary of trying to trade on coronavirus fears, given that  lack an established track record — or are simply trying to position themselves to benefit from public health crisis"  …
Vatican confirms Pope Francis and two aides test positive for Coronavirus  
Fake news has real consequences. Terrible headlines by the mainstream has confused this old man into thinking Trump called coronavirus a hoax  …
HEAR IT From a U.S. Coronavirus Patient... "Disease NOT The Scary Thing, BUT That EVERYONE Thinks It Is" Watch Left Escalate Today with First Death Report Shame On Dems & News Media Pushing PANIC In U.S. & Blaming Trump! Leftist Dems Only USE Americans For Political Gain 
The U.S. is banning travel to Iran in response to the outbreak of the coronavirus and elevating travel warnings to regions of Italy and South Korea. Vice President Mike Pence announced the changes as President Trump provided an update on the virus. 
Coronavirus? @ewarrren has plans for that.
CoronaVirus Who doesn’t want Trump re-elected? Democrats & MSM China Iran Where did this originate? China Where did it spread fast? Iran Who keeps trying to blame Trump? Democrats & MSM Protect yourself like you would from the Flu. . #CommonSense
Here is a practical preparedness guide for coronavirus. My point in this:  from panic and uncertainty. Don’t inflame fear. The best way to do this is to focus on yourself, your readiness level, your behavior — what you can do. This will help you think this thru: /1
Amid coronavirus chaos, the CCP is doubling down on suppressing free speech in #HongKong. #GuiMinhai #JimmyLai, and two former pro-democracy lawmakers all arrested or sentenced this week. But the HK media is resilient – they survived the 2019 protests and aren't going away.
I have lung disease and it gives me a shitty feeling that Trump and his gang think it's no big deal if I die from Coronavirus. #COVID19 #CoronaVirusUpdate
 are beginning to cancel conferences and travel plans within the United States due to the coronavirus, which analysts warn will have cascading impacts on the country’s hotels, airlines and convention centers."  …
If we can’t hear from CDC, Request that every time White House announces press conference about #Coronavirus either @mlipsitch or Singapore’s Health Minister launch a parallel press conference with real info H/T @nadabakos for  …
Biden today in NC on Trump’s handling of the Coronavirus: “Everything, everything he does and says is about him. It's never about the American people...If you can believe it, today he said the coronavirus was ’A Democratic hoax,’ it's not just that it's so stupid and foolish.”
So... there are more cases of coronavirus infection in Canada than Mexico. I’m just saying.
Coronavirus is starting to  an issue...video in 5 mins! 
Breaking News: President Trump announced new restrictions on travelers in Iran, and further coronavirus screenings on  from South Korea and Italy 
If I’m understanding  statements on the economy and the Coronavirus: 1) The Fed should cut rates; 2) The economy will bounce back; 3) There will be a proposed “middle  tax cut”?
Bill Gates warns coronavirus may be the "once-in-a-century pathogen we've been worried about"  
US President Donald Trump on being asked about closing the southern border (US-Mexico border): We are thinking about the southern border, we are looking at that very strongly. #Coronavirus 
Scenes of #Iranians passed out in public areas (this one in a Shiraz market) as the #Coronavirus spreads across 
What has Coronavirus and the zombies got  Although both have been seen in Europe neither have turned up in Scotland. 
I'm not taking advice on the Coronavirus epidemic from anyone who can't even figure out how to solve the homelessness epidemic in his own district.
Video: Andrew Feinberg uses his question at the WH press conference about the #coronavirus to trash @VP Pence for having "allowed an HIV outbreak to spiral out of 
Boris Johnson uses his child as the dead cat on the table to take heat off Priti Patel, his reaction to the floods and Coronavirus.
coronavirus is just the beginning
This is the least qualified, least capable, least honest, least prepared, least trustworthy presidential administration of all time, and we will be unfathomably fortunate if the coronavirus ends up being the worst crisis to occur during their tenure.
Homeland Security worker reportedly told to return to work in Newark — despite coronavirus quarantine  …
I was feeling down today about the homeless people struggling in the third storm in three weeks. I was worrying about the vulnerable people at threat from the Coronavirus. The rise of racism is also on my mind. But you're right Dan, this joyous news has lifted me. Twat.
Trump says Pence and his task force met for 2.5 hours today. Then says everyone is working around the clock. Now Pence  to the microphone. I bet Trump put Pence in charge so Trump could blame him for every failure that they have regarding the coronavirus response.
. @Mike_Pence reminds that as Gov. of IN, he learned of invaluable role of local health care providers, a point Dr. Steven Hatfill has continually made on #WarRoomPandemic. #coronavirus
. @VP Pence goes over the actions @realDonaldTrump put into effect today to help against the #CoronaVirus. 
WATCH: Dr. Anthony Fauci explains who is most at risk to the coronavirus; he also explains that there will be some cases that are out of the norm, and those cases can confuse the public. 
I'd like for everyone to stop for just a moment, set aside the vitriol and enthusiasm for your favorite candidate, and imagine the US response to the coronavirus if Elizabeth Warren were president. You can bet your ass there would be a plan. And everyone would understand it.
Could the #Coronavirus be used as an excuse to takeout #CabalPuppet #Luciferian #Pedophiles What better way then to keep the masses calm - by telling the mind controlled sheep these pedos die of Coronavirus This is a FARCE. They are in TROUBLE Q #CabalTakedown 
Proud to see my colleagues @KellyO and @HansNichols asking the president tough questions on his Coronavirus  and the Taliban peace deal. His answers were...interesting.
Despite Trump claims of 22 Coronavirus patients in the US, the dashboard now states at least 68 known cases in America.  …
The same people who lied about @realDonaldTrump saying there are good white supremacists are now lying about him saying coronavirus is a hoax. The media  broken.
Now Trump says he’s “taken more action than any other country in the world” This is just lie after lie after lie. Trump shouldn’t talk about the coronavirus ever again. Leave it to the doctors and people who actually believe in science. People who know what they’re talking about.
Trump: "The coronavirus is a democrat hoax pushed by the media to hurt me. It's not real. Also, the US is immediately restricting travel from China, Iran, Italy and South Korea to prevent more people from dying from it."
New challenge in Islamic Republic calling the faithful lick religious shrines to show the rest of the world that faith can defeat #CoronaVirus. Totally backward and dangerous. World Health Organisation @WHO needs to intervene  …
Vice President @Mike_Pence assures Americans that the threat of #Coronavirus to Americans remains LOW! 
'the political valence of coronavirus should be favorable to Trump’s worldview. It demonstrates a downside of globalization, shows the importance of borders...an object lesson in our overdependence on a China that's dictatorial, dishonest, poorly governed'  …
#coronavirus risk to Americans remains LOW thanks to @realDonaldTrump's preemptive actions: ▸January 31 Travel ban ▸WH task force led by #MikePence ▸22 Infected, 1 passed ▸Travel Advisory level 4, to Italy and South Korea So Stop enticing Panic -Trump's Got this 
My prayers are with the family and friends of the patient in Washington state who died from #coronavirus.  …
#coronavirus #CoronaVirusUpdate here’s a chart of all places affected and how fatal the virus is depending on age (sorry for 
“Since the early stages of the foreign outbreak, my administration has taken the most aggressive action in modern history to confront the spread of [coronavirus].” @realDonaldTrump imposed travel restrictions a month ago, and everyone now agrees it was the right thing to 
The clowns questioning President Trump during his coronavirus press conference are not "journalists." They are political activists whose only mission is attempting to make Trump look bad. Nothing more. ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE.
According to Anthony Fauci: despite reports otherwise, “once you gotten infected and recovered, you’re not going to get infected with the same virus again.” #coronavirus @cnn
Coronavirus is A) an overreaction &B) just another political weapon. It's not bubonic plague.
Please @realDonaldTrump stop talking about the #coronavirus. We are in  on the front lines trying to alleviate fears and limit the spread of this disease, and you’re making it political. Enough already. Stick to politics, and let the professionals handle this. 
Trump says “we moved very early” to fight coronavirus. That’s another lie. They are ill prepared and still are moving slower than Moscow Mitch moves on bills sitting on his desk.
“The risk at this time is low. The American public needs to go on with their normal lives,” CDC Director Dr. Robert Redfield says about coronavirus.  
Trump reluctantly admits to an outbreak of coronavirus in the US, incl one death. Less than 24 hrs ago, he blatantly lied, calling #Coronavid19 a hoax. Trump’s still lying, claiming only 22 patients stricken w/ the illness. There are at least 68 
Meanwhile the liberal media helped spread that fake news faster than coronavirus ever could.  …
#TrumpDementia #Presidementia (3) Coronavirus 2/29 Presser: Taliban  up, Trump defends Ratcliffe nomination in vague terms, is irritated by question mentioning Bolton. Trump's mental condition seems better than most days. He may go on here for an hour. (More ->)
#TrumpDementia #Presidementia (2) Coronavirus 2/29 Presser: Trump takes over the podium, doubles down on "hoax," blaming Democrats, lumps Corona with Russia-Russia-Russia & impeachment. He can't resist being center of attention. Minimizes virus threat. (More ->)
#TrumpDementia #Presidementia (1) Coronavirus 2/29 Presser: Trump is monotonic, subdued, different from last night's manic, shouting performance. Pence steps up, praises Trump in superlative terms, says task force is doing a fantastic job. More cases predicted now. (More ->)
“In a certain way, this can actually bring the world closer,” Trump says about the #coronavirus outbreak, moments after announcing new travel restrictions to stop people  into the country.
checked this, and it’s true: both Canada and the U.S. currently have more coronavirus cases than Mexico   …
President Trump makes it clear that he was not calling Coronavirus a “hoax”. Will @NBCNews retract their story? Has @snopes Fact Checked them yet?  …
Coronavirus update: --The first U.S. patient to die was a medically high risk woman in her 50s --Vice President Pence warned strongly against travel to parts of Italy and South Korea --More events and conferences have been scrapped around the world 
Dr. Redfield notes that there's no evidence that the American who died from coronavirus traveled to a region where there has been an outbreak. It appears to be a case  spread.
Italy shows just how crazy coronavirus panic can get — Italians refused to go to Chinese restaurants and shops when the virus first emerged. Now they are being shunned worldwide. The stigma is spreading faster than the virus itself.  …
On coronavirus screening Trump says: “Healthy people if you’re healthy, you’ll probably go through a process and you’ll be fine.” Wtf? Not reassuring at all.
Hospitals in China are using robots to deliver food and medicine for patients who were infected with #coronavirus  #SaturdayMorning
“In a certain way, this can bring the world closer” — Trump on coronavirus
Mike Pence: “The average American does not need to go out and buy a mask.” Mike Pence seconds later: But we have 40 million masks and 35 million masks are contracted to be produced each month. As long as Pence remains the Coronavirus Czar, I’ll never believe a word he says.
Anyone who watches the clip would ascertain the same thing. Anyone pretending he said coronavirus was a hoax is an adamant liar.
Dr. Fauci notes that only some young people who get coronavirus will die 
DESPICABLE!! Apparently Trump was upset that the media wasn't covering his so called "Peace Deal" with Afghanistan so he used a press conference held after an American died from the coronavirus to help his 2020 campaign.
WHO concluded that the #COVID19 risk at regional and global levels was “very high” for reasons incl. the following: of intl spread of cases large clusters of cases currently reported in at least 4 countries outside #coronavirus 
What Dr. Facui said about the coronavirus being dangerous mainly for older individuals and/or those with chronic medical conditions like diabetes, smoking, obesity, and hypertension is correct. We need to focus on protecting the elderly and those with pre-existing conditions.
Trump doesn’t regret using the word “hoax” to talk about the coronavirus story. He says he used the word because those mean Democrats tried to hold him accountable, even though his administration has “done such a good job.”  …
Pres. Trump confirms he is considering closing the southern border in order to contain the spread of coronavirus.
President @realDonaldTrump says that work is being done to develop a #Coronavirus vaccine very quickly! 
It would be nice if we had a government that you could trust was making decisions based on what’s in the interest of fighting coronavirus.  …
According to Anthony Fauci, people most at risk are elderly and/or have underlying disease such as heart disease, lung disease, diabetes and obesity. For 80%, more likely to be mild disease. #coronavirus @cnn
While Democrats were obsessed with impeachment, President Trump took decisive action to protect Americans from coronavirus by stopping travel from China to the United States. Dr. Fauci: "If we had not done that, we would have had many, many more cases right here" in the U.S. 
Vice President Pence on coronavirus preparations in the US: “The average American does not need to go out and buy a mask."  
Any doubt that if Trump has the opportunity he will punish the Blue States in the way he addresses the coronavirus.
No one is saying the coronavirus is a HOAX, it's democrats using the coronavirus as a political WEAPON against the @POTUS. Just as they used Russia, and the impeachment HOAX against him. They're throwing blame on Trump, when he ban travel Jan 30th. Look what Schumer said. 
ABSOLUTE BANTER MASTERCLASS FROM DEJAN LOVREN DAYS AFTER HEADLINES OF 'LIVERPOOL'S SEASON UNDER THREAT FROM THE CORONAVIRUS'. AFTER WATCHING LOVREN FOR 6 YEARS I CAN TELL YOU A DEADLY VIRUS DOESN'T COME CLOSE TO THE AMOUNT OF PEOPLE KILLED BY LOVREN'S CALAMITOUS PERFORMANCES
Attention Leftist MSM Please stop trying to make people believe the President called the coronavirus a hoax when you know he was saying it was just another Dem hoax to blame him & his administration for the coronavirus being here! MSM intentionally lies & Trump called them on it!
Dr. Redfield of CDC says the American who died seemed to have contracted coronavirus from "community spread" -- meaning not from travel or from a known patient
So to put the latest Fake News MSM‘s LIE against the @POTUS to bed that he called the Coronavirus a hoax... HE DIDN’T @realDonaldTrump DID NOT CALL CORONAVIRUS A HOAX! Cc 
Dr. Anthony Fauci says most people who are at risk of dying from coronavirus are those with underlying health conditions or who are elderly, which “happens with influenza”  
“The risk of #coronavirususa remains low!” “I never said #coronavirus is a hoax! I said #Democrats are continuing the #RussiaHoax with #Coronavirus accusations! No-one has been ‘muzzled’—that’s a dishonest question!” @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @CDCgov 
President Trump has just put together an extremely factual  #Pressconference. @realDonaldTrump and his administration effectively explained all the steps the United States has taken  the #coronavirus. Americans should feel safe. #CoronaVirusUpdates
Just as an FYI, the officials (including President Trump) at this press conference are counting 22 coronavirus cases. You may be seeing a higher number in the 60s. That appears to be because Trump et al are NOT counting the 45 cases linked to the Diamond Princess cruise.
Trump is having another press conference on coronavirus right now. I’ll watch it so you don’t have to. Let’s get started on this string: Trump has an orange tinted face. And the tanning goggle eyes. He starts by talking about Afghanistan for the first few minutes. Now rambling.
Democrats are fatalists. Never let a good crisis go to waste. The #CoronaVirus is like a bad cold or flu. The majority of people that could likely due are high risk groups. Stay home if you're sick. Health care workers constantly sanitize their hands. It's key. Triclosan.
BREAKING: The Trump administration announces additional travel restrictions affecting Iran, Italy and South Korea in response to the coronavirus.
Vice President Mike Pence announces new travel restrictions for Iran, South Korea, and Italy out of concerns for the coronavirus 
The fact that almost 90 seconds was spent on anonymous sources saying that Dr. Fauci was being sidelined instead of really anything else pertaining to the #coronavirus was so dumb. ABC's Kyra Phillips (who's usually not bad) doing her best Jim Acosta impression 
Another Coronavirus Press Conference and another reminder that we now have a CEO running the country and not a “community organizer”. The differences in the way things operated between the Patriot Trump and the Radical Obama are staggering if you stop to think about it.
Trump said he didn't say the coronavirus was a "hoax." TRUMP: “I don’t like it when they are criticizing these people, and that’s the hoax.” 
The first coronavirus death in the US was reported in Washington state  
Since WHO systematized its approach to risk assessments in 2012, this is the first time that the risk associated with an event has been assessed as “very high” at the global level. #COVID19 #coronavirus  …
Liverpool FC were worried about the coronavirus when the real threat was Sarrs.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, Director, National Institutes of Allergies and Infectious Diseases: The vast majority of people who are most likely to die from coronavirus or get serious ill from it will have “underlying conditions” like heart disease, etc.
Trump just denied calling the threat of the coronavirus a hoax at his rally last night- Well here is the clip. Should we believe Trump or our own ears and eyes?! (Spoiler: Trump's a liar)  …
So does anyone have confidence in the #coronavirus containment efforts being taken by @vp and @realDonaldTrump? This week Trump called it a hoax, now hes saying not to worry...the public needs a consistent message. We need the 
Trump ignores the thousands of people who have been quarantined and claims that only 22 people have the coronavirus and after that, it will go away. 
Most people who contract Coronavirus experience a flu like situation, Dr. Fauci says, and will be OK. 15-20% of those who contract will need hospitalization. The vast majority of people who "get into trouble" are of advanced age and/or had previous underlying conditions.
Dr Anthony Fauci.. Expert on Coronavirus.. just said that if President Trump had NOT stopped air travel between US and China 30 days ago..there would be thousands of new cases in America..Media will NEVER give Trump credit .. It is there Nature to mindlessly Attack not Report.
Dr Fauci on video debunking @jaketapper and CNN's lie that he was "muzzled" #CoronaVirus 
The US is advising Americans against travel to some parts of Italy and South Korea in response to coronavirus spread, Vice President Pence said  
First Coronavirus death in US was in Kirkland overnight. Here’s the statement given to us outside Evergreen Hospital after a patient with Coronavirus died, another is in isolation. 
Okay Trump keeps insinuating that the reason we only have 22 cases of #coronavirus is because of his early actions or it would be much higher! The government wasn’t & hasn’t tested til just now! We have no flippin clue how many real cases there are!
Ok Democrats keep them out of USNO OPEN BOARDERS Mexico Confirms Third Coronavirus Case, Warns of Three Others  …
#BREAKING Trump bans travel to US from Iran; urges Americans not to travel to areas in Italy and South Korea hit by novel #coronavirus. Watch 
BREAKING: First coronavirus death occurs in US. Trump needs to wake up and actually do his job. This is an urgent situation. He needs to act like it.
If anyone had any doubts that were living in an #Idiocracy, just listen to this  bigot's press conference, and know that cowardly Rob Portman fully supports every goddamn word  out of this moron's mouth. #CoronaVirus #CoronaVirusUpdate @senrobportman
GOV. UK Notify just helped an NHS team set up a 2-way text messaging service for extreme-risk people to monitor and report Coronavirus symptoms. Took them a few hours, start to finish. Would've been impossible, even a couple of years ago. *This* is why platforms matter.
Trump says he used the word "hoax" NOT about the coronavirus itself but about what Democrats were saying about his administration's response.
President Trump says he is thinking very hard about possibly closing the southern border of the United States with Mexico in response coronavirus. Note: Trump didn’t mention possibly closing the northern border with Canada.
Why are no reporters grilling trump on his lie about there being 22 cases? #coronavirus
ALERT: See this? This is on the back of a can of LYSOL Spray Disinfectant. So, the Human Coronavirus isn’t something new. And if this virus has already been in existence and there is a disinfectant that will kill it, how is there not a vaccine to prevent it? Thoughts anyone? 
NEW: Vice Pres. Mike Pence announces heightened travel advisories to Italy and South Korea for Americans: "We are urging Americans to not travel to the areas in Italy and the areas in South Korea that are most affected by the coronavirus."  
President @realDonaldTrump running another good press conference on #Coronavirus.
Rational Coronavirus concerns here: 1) Logistical realities of US HC system. There are *total* 925K beds in US HC. That’s before we get into staffing related issues. 0.75%-2% of Americans getting very sick is not logistically viable.
. @realDonaldTrump says he is considering closing the southern US border due to #coronavirus. No mention of the northern border.
Trump says he doesn’t regret using the word “hoax” when talking about Coronavirus fears during his rally last night. He said he was referring to Democrats. “The hoax is on them ... that’s a continuation of the hoax.”
Now that Liverpool can’t go Invincible we need to do something about the Coronavirus
Watching Pence at the coronavirus presser, I couldn’t help but wonder: Why won’t his wife let him be alone with other women while allowing him to tongue-bathe another man? 
The coronavirus is spreading further, with cases reported in new countries after the @WHO raised its impact risk alert to ‘very high’  
President Trump said the “hoax” he was referring to last night at his rally in South Carolina was Democrats criticizing his response to coronavirus.
Bill Maher is claiming that President Trump is going to declare Martial Law over the CoronaVirus... These people are morons... Between Puffing the Cheeba and dangling Ann Coulter, this guy has lost it..
President @realDonaldTrump never said the #coronavirus itself is a hoax, just Democrats’ claims that the Trump administration is failing to protect the country. That’s not how the media portrayed  in headlines though...  …
Coronavirus  manageable — with the correct leadership. Since we don’t have that, it can be particularly dangerous for  and older people. But it’s also a huge opportunity to do some fascism. So watch the admin carefully.
SPOILER: The Coronavirus wipes out every single Presidential candidate. By default Air Bud  President. We all think it's funny at first. But the ensuing cat holocaust leaves a stain on our soul forever.
. @POTUS Since we have a great group of professionals working on the #Coronavirus. So he’s respectfully asking the #MSM and other politicians not to incite panic because there’s no reason to panic. 
Our media is utter trash. The first question: "Mr President, someone has died from Coronavirus, do you feel bad for calling it a hoax?"
There are 5x as many confirmed cases of the #coronavirus in Canada as Mexico. Why isn’t Donald Trump focused on our northern border? I’ll give you three guesses but you’ll only need one.  …
Trump is now saying when he called the coronavirus a Democratic hoax, he didn’t say that. He said what the Democrats are doing is a hoax. Got that?
CDC Director regarding #CoronaVirus. “The risk to the US is low.” Definition of low. 
“22 patients in the U.S. have coronavirus; one person has died, four others are "very ill." "Additional cases in the United Stares are likely, but healthy individuals should be able to fully recover.” High risk people are the elderly  
Trump was caught off guard by the first US coronavirus death, so he opened his press conference babbling about Afghanistan.  … via @politicususa
Please RT and share!!! MyPOV: Best Practices: Hosting Events In An Era of #Coronavirus #COVID19 #ZendeskRelate #UltiConnect #HIMSS20 #SAPConcur #SXSW2020 #SXSW #SAASTR  
President @realDonaldTrump: Healthy individuals should be able to fully recover from #Coronavirus 
In light of the "alternative facts" #TrumpVirus presser on the heels of Trump's "coronavirus is a Deep State hoax" rally, I'd like to revisit a piece I wrote back in November, called "GOP = George Orwell Party." [THREAD] 
"At a time when Coronavirus was reminding the world of its own mortality, it was Sarr's goals that killed Liverpool's hopes of invincibility." 
Trump just now: "How could anyone refer to this as a 'hoax'?! I never referred to [the coronavirus] as a 'hoax'."
In today’s briefing on the #coronavirus @realDonaldTrump cautioned the media & politicians from inciting panic. Risk to Americans remains low because this Admin implemented aggressive & early precautions. The health & safety of everyone in the U.S. remains @POTUS top priority.
Last night Trump at his rally last night called the coronavirus a "hoax" and for support of that he bragged that not one American had died. 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ON CORONAVIRUS 29/02/20 What is COVID-19? Coronaviruses are zoonotic, meaning they are normally transmitted between animals and people. The COVID-19 is a new strain of coronavirus that has not been previously identified in humans. #Thread 
President Trump says additional cases of the new coronavirus are likely in the U.S. but also cautioned that “there’s no reason to panic at all.” 
The Trump White House takes their cues from simplistic white nationalist writers, so you’d expect them to both 1) botch the coronavirus response and 2) use it to scapegoat non-white immigrants. They are   …
Breaking: Trump administration announces additional travel restrictions affecting Iran, Italy and South Korea in response to coronavirus 
Breaking News: Trump extends travel advisories for Iran, Italy, S. Korea in face of spreading coronavirus  …
WHAT?? “It’s a tough one”? Trump can’t even say the word Coronavirus properly. 
When  to the coronavirus, I only want to hear from Dr. Tony Fauci from this point forward. All Trump, Pence, and Azar do is falsely paint how seamless and perfect their response has been.
What medical startups make portable testing devices for #Coronavirus? Include links 
Finding it somewhat hilarious that @Costco in Mountain View is jammed with cars & people, but @Walmart is relatively empty. Even #coronavirus doesn’t affect retail preference that strongly, I guess.
Pres. Trump says it’s likely there are more cases of coronavirus in the U.S.; He will meet  Monday to discuss vaccine.
Priti the bully. Sir Phillip Rutnam resigned Parts of the country flooded Coronavirus Stock Market crash BUT DONT WORRY JOHNSON AND GIRLFRIEND ARE HAVING A BABY AND GETTING MARRIED. 
CRITICAL: If you get CoronaVirus, it is absolutely imperative you get lots of rest, drink plenty of fluids, consider gargling with salt water and if at all possible, get your gam-gam to bring over some home-made chicken soup.
President Trump on coronavirus: “We would respectfully ask the media and politicians and everybody else involved not do anything to incite panic because there's no reason to panic at all. This is something that is being handled professionally”  …
President Trump says the 1st known case of an American dying of the novel coronavirus was a woman. WA governor says, per state Department of Health and the King County (Seattle) Public Health Department, it was a man.
“If we had not (limited China travel), we’d have many more cases here.” - Dr. Fauci #coronavirus
Apparently you can kill coronavirus by washing your legs in the shower
1. Trump looks heavily drugged, as if he’ll fall over mid-sentence discussing his coronavirus triumphs. 2. Pence serves up his usual stream of obsequious adoration for the unprecedented genius of Trump. 3. Dr. Tony Fauci, the silenced expert, tries desperately to maintain dignity
A person in Washington state has died of the coronavirus, officials announced on Saturday. It’s the first known death in the U.S. from the virus. 
I’m old enough to remember when Trump eliminated our entire pandemic response team and called coronavirus a Democratic hoax
It appears the spread of coronavirus in Europe is hard to stop. It’s crucial for countries to step up medical preparedness. They must avoid the worst scenario that many patients with fever can’t be admitted to hospital. The more it is prepared, the safer Europe will be.
Coronavirus is deadly The entire world is working together to prevent it from spreading Now if we could only get the same cooperation to fight  Which are much more deadly than this virus
Secretary Azar on coronavirus in the U.S.: “We will see more cases.” He said, as he has before, that the risk to most Americans remains low. But he added, that risk level could change.
NEW: Mike Pence just announced that the U.S is banning any foreign national who has visited Iran (which is in the grips of a large #coronavirus outbreak) in the last 14 days from entering the U.S.
Vice President Mike Pence now at the lectern. “The average American doesn’t need to got out and buy a mask.” Also — 3M has now been contracted to produce 35 million masks a month. #coronavirus @cnn
How can even Trump's idiotic followers take him seriously right now? Yesterday, he said coronavirus is a hoax at his rally. Now, someone died in the US, and he suddenly cares? This is beyond ridiculous. All he's doing is covering his ass. LOCK HIM UP!
Mike Pence is an idiot who isn’t trustworthy, but what he said about masks is absolutely right. Most Americans do not need a mask and it won’t protect you from getting sick. Masks are useful mainly for infected people to help prevent them from spreading the coronavirus to others.
Is somebody going to ask trump at this press/fiction conference if he still thinks coronavirus is a hoax???
VP Pence: "The average American does not need to go out and buy masks" for the coronavirus.
MSM Blatently Lies Again Media Claim Trump Called Coronavirus a 'Hoax.' But Video Shows That's Not What Trump Said at All.  …
While other modern nations are conducting large scale screening, Trump's approach is to do as little as possible. Coronavirus Spreads in Oregon, California, Washington. How Many Are Already Infected?  … via @thedailybeast
The Coronavirus Press Conference is the most ironic in the history of Press Conferences, first talking about a non-existent deal with non-trustworthy terrorists, then congratulating a nebulous group of people for work they haven't yet done on the outbreak. The Presser is the HOAX
While this woman was dying in Washington for #Coronavirus, @realDonaldTrump was in South Carolina Calling the virus a hoax and @Mike_Pence was at a $25,000/plate fundraiser in Florida. This is on them. #TrumpVirus
More people will die this year from medical errors than flu and  "Johns Hopkins study estimates that more than 250,000 Americans die each year from medical errors"  …
BREAKING: U.S. will deny entry to any foreigner who has been in Iran in the prior 14 days due to coronavirus
Donald Trump has confirmed the first death from #COVID19 in the US. The president also confirmed that there are currently 22 people battling the #coronavirus, and says additional cases are "likely". More  
The situation in #Iran is very dangerous. Now the work of the Iranian parliament has been suspended due to the spread of the #Coronavirus among members of Parliament .. With all this and the government covering up the accurate statistics on the spread of the Corona virus in Iran.  …
This is the extent that the coronavirus has affected pollution levels in China. 
“She has developed and patented vaccines, including leading one of the most influential HIV vaccine trials in history.” @Mike_Pence announced Deborah Birx has been appointed to serve as @WhiteHouse’s coordinator  the #Coronavirus.  …
Trump says the US has taken the “most aggressive” action of any country in history  the #coronavirus outbreak, which is just objectively and categorically false. For example:  
The first death in the US from the novel coronavirus was confirmed in Washington state, health officials said. 
this was Governor Inslee's response to your call "I just received a call from @VP Mike Pence, thanking Washington state for our efforts  the coronavirus. I told him our work would be more successful if the Trump administration stuck to the science and told the truth"
The POTUS press conference is a giant waste of time, but this podcast on #Coronavirus is not. I don’t feel better after listening to this, but I feel like I understand things better. An expert on pandemics apparently knows about pandemics.  …
Trump is going to be so pissed tonight after Biden wins SC in a walk while the stock market is in free fall because he doesn't understand the difference between the flu and coronavirus.
Historical context: 1917 typhus quarantines at the southern border gave rise to the US Border Patrol. Medicalization and militarization go hand-in-hand. (Stern, Eugenics Nation, ch 2) Obviously, there is no special coronavirus threat from Mexico. Just racism.  …
Ok, Trump is doing full FoxNews regurge Their narrative is people die from flu all the time. True. This flu season so far has seen around 15k deaths in US Thing about coronavirus is it looks to be 50 to 100X more deadly. We’re talking millions
NEW: The U.S. is increasing the travel advisory to Level 4 (DO NOT TRAVEL) to areas in Italy and South Korea that are the most affected by the coronavirus.
Observers from the World Health Organization must go to #Iran and supervise all the medical centers and quarantines to prevent the spread of the catastrophe in the country #COVID19 #Coronavirus
Due to the regime’s criminal cover-up and mismanagement of medical and health care resources, the death toll for the COVID-19 has exceeded 500 as of Saturday evening, February 29, 2020 #Coronavirus 
Trump and Mike Pence say they have been planning for weeks to counter the coronavirus. Really?! Then why wasn't a task force set up until Wednesday night? Why did he wait until we had an outbreak in the US?!!
Trump looks like a guy who is infected with Coronavirus.
ACCORDING TO THE CDC, AS OF FEB 28, THEY HAVE ONLY TESTED 495 AMERICANS FOR THE #CORONAVIRUS. BECAUSE CDC CONTROLLED ALL OF THE TESTS STATES & HOSPITALS WEREN'T ALLOWED TO TEST UNLESS PATIENT MET CDC CRITERIA. YET, SOUTH KOREA TESTS OVER 10,000 A DAY  01
Rep. Ted Lieu: "It's not even a gotcha question. Do you believe the coronavirus is a hoax?" Sec of State Mike Pompeo: "It is a gotcha moment. It's not useful." 
Back in Istanbul, and my local juice stall seems to have found a cure for the coronavirus, and it’s a bargain! 
We need a president with  and experience to prepare and manage a crisis like the coronavirus. Mike has a successful record of preparing and addressing public health crises, and he will keep America safe as president.  
I was early to sound alarm on coronavirus, and yes we must treat it was epidemic risk. While also keeping coronavirus in *context*. Most can't do this.  …
Trump looks very bored and resentful that the stupid Coronavirus is keeping him off the golf course this weekend. So unfair! @realDonaldTrump
73 year old Donald Trump who has lied repeatedly about his health suggested a woman who died from the Coronavirus was old. She was in her “50s”
Trump saying "don't panic" is a YUGELY panic  #coronavirus
Maybe we should ask the Taliban to develop a Coronavirus cure.
“Don’t incite a panic” oh REALLY? I’ve been panicked since Nov 16. I will go out of panic hopefully nov 2020 #coronavirus
Just incredible to watch this asshole scold the media and politicians about inciting #coronavirus panic when his tweets were the primary source of fear and disinformation during the ebola outbreak.
Pence begins by expressing condolences over the death of the woman in Washington state, then starts with his usual Trump-hailing: "From the moment that this country learned of the spread of the coronavirus, President Donald Trump took decisive action."
Breaking: First coronavirus death reported in U.S.  …
Mike Pence- a science denying anti-LGBT bigot who wants to usher in the "end of days" to hasten the return of Jesus-is in charge of our nation's fight against coronavirus. What could go wrong?!
Democrats want you to be infected by the coronavirus: Earlier Friday, Trump Jr. accused Democrats of politicizing the spread of the coronavirus. “Anything that they can use to try to hurt Trump, they will,” Trump Jr. said. “But for them to try to take a…  
Trump tries to minimize the first US coronavirus death by calling the woman a high-risk medical patient. 
In his second Coronavirus press conference, a visibly drugged up Predator trump with cotton mouth starts it off by talking about ISIS and his false  then proceeds to ramble on before disingenuously mentioning the first US Coronavirus death. I hate this asshole.
Watford DESTROY Liverpool with their smelling unbeaten run. This is Coronavirus beating
Just after @realDonaldTrump called the #coronavirus a hoax, the virus claimed its first American fatality. Now Trump is claiming that we are prepared to deal with the spread of this virus when there is NO FUCKING PLAN.
President Trump addresses the first coronavirus death in the U.S.: “We’ve taken the most aggressive actions to confront the coronavirus”  
"Healthy people -- if you're healthy -- you will probably go through a process and you'll be fine" -- Trump on coronavirus 
I extend my condolences to the loved ones of the patient. I’m closely monitoring #coronavirus & will make sure constituents are immediately apprised of what we learn. I’m grateful to our outstanding state & local public health experts working on preparedness & response.  …
