Biological Warfare!!! #coronavirus  …
“Just read that Jim Baker is selling some tonic for the coronavirus. Oh, and it's $300 a bottle”. Is this true? Scammer.
China’s President Xi was aware of the Coronavirus nearly two weeks before he first spoke publicly about it — and while officials at its epicenter in the city of Wuhan were still playing down its dangers.  …
One of the Westerdam passengers that disembarked in Sihanoukville, Cambodia has tested positive for the coronavirus. Cambodia PM Hun Sen, age 67, personally greeted passengers there, shaking their hands.   …
Even if the coronavirus pandemic passes quickly, there will be another one, possibly far more catastrophic. If we have any hope of containing it, the time to prepare is now. 
Our economy is battered by fires, floods and coronavirus. Our transformation to zero carbon in energy/transport will require a massive economic stimulus, creating regional jobs. C’mon Australia: wind/solar/hydro + robust grid; CO2 sequestration in agriculture. We can do it.  …
It seems the economy, rail blockade, Coronavirus and the Huawei disaster is no longer in Trudeau's job description. He created a disaster and he's on the run with no idea how to regain control. There is not  liberal MP to be found.  …
Koharu asked Junjun about the coronavirus. Junjun's doing fine, but she's pretty much stuck at home and only goes out with a mask. It warms my heart knowing these two are still talking.
I’m old enough to note roughly every 7-10 years there’s some virus scare that media pins on E Asian (specifically Chinese) people. Let’s see, I remember Bird Flu, SARS, Swine Flu and now Coronavirus. It just seems weirdly set up to coincide with rising hostility against China...
#coronavirus life hack 
The coronavirus shows the Chinese government prioritizing self-preservation and the censoring of information that is perceived as embarrassing--such as this doctor's early warning of the outbreak--even at the expense of the Chinese people's public health. 
Wandering ship  'best cruise ever' despite coronavirus fears  
Death toll from coronavirus epidemic exceeds 1,600 
On Feb. 15, #Hubei Province, the epicenter of the #coronavirus epidemic, reports: - 139 deaths - 1,843 confirmed cases - 849 recovered and discharged Total confirmed #COVID-19 cases in #Hubei at 56,249, with 1,596 dead and 39,447 
The #Coronavirus has spread all over China  hubs to ghost towns. This is Shanghai city. 
Trump takes victory lap over handling of coronavirus  …
2/15 #coronaviruschina Zhong Nanshan, the famous health academician, is part of CCP’s propaganda to spread Party controlled message on coronavirus. He played many dramas like this to demonstrate Party’s care on the infected patient. Yet, he met patient without facial mask. 
As China and the world try to stop the spread of the novel coronavirus, the fight against another deadly disease, Ebola, has reached an encouraging "milestone," the World Health Organization said 
The Chinese government are blockading people inside entire apartment blocks, without any access to food, to enforce #Coronavirus quarantine. 
#Coronavirus cases by country 68,339 & 1,662 dead 338 & 1 dead 72 56 & 1 dead 34 28 22 18 16 16 15 15 12 & 1 dead 10 9 8 8 3 & 1 dead 3 3 2 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 TOT 69,036 & 1,666 dead #COVID19 Map 
Chinese medical workers at the forefront of the fight against the #coronavirus epidemic are now  its victims -- 1,716 have contracted the virus, including 1,502 in Wuhan. Six are dead.  …
All of the Canadian passengers and their families who were recently evacuated from Wuhan, China to a military base in Ontario for two weeks of quarantine are currently healthy with none of them exhibiting symptoms of novel coronavirus.  …
Hubei Doctors Warn Of Even Deadlier Coronavirus Reinfaction Causing Sudden Heart Attacks - “When they get it the 2nd time, the antibody doesn’t help but make it worse, & they die a sudden death from heart attack.”  …
#Coronavirus #COVID19 cases by country: 68,339 & 1,662 dead 338 & 1 dead 72 56 & 1 dead 34 28 22 18 16 16 15 15 12 & 1 dead 10 9 8 8 3 & 1 dead 3 3 2 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 TOT 69,036 & 1,666 dead
After an earlier report of a 22 day incubation period in Shanghai, now confirmation of a 24 day incubation period in Shandong. Today a family tested positive for #CoronaVirus 10 days after quarantine ended. #COVID19 #CoronavirusOutbreak #ncp  …
I wonder if locking people in their apartments to die-in-place is what #WHO meant when they said if China’s coronavirus containment efforts were working, other countries should consider using them. — #COVID19 
China coronavirus outbreak: All the latest updates  …
The Asian American Journalists Association asks the media to be mindful of photos, context and word choice surrounding coronavirus. "AAJA warns against blanket use of Chinatown images that reinforce stereotypes and create a sense of 'otherness.'" 
In an interview at the Chinese Embassy, Ambassador Cui Tiankai, says China is working hard to fight the coronavirus and is accepting help from foreign experts. #coronavirus @AmbCuiTiankai  
The 1st death from the #Coronavirus in #Europe—and the 3rd outside of #China—was reported in #France on Saturday. The patient was an 80-year-old Chinese tourist from #Hubei province, the epicenter of the new  …
U.S. woman tests positive for coronavirus after disembarking from cruise ship 
HELPING OUT: @JCCraves runs Boston Chinatown Tours. When area businesses do well, she does well. So she’s starting a “dinner series” to help the Chinatown ecosystem thrive again. #DINEWITHCHINATOWN #Boston #Chinatown #Coronavirus 
Millions of people across Asia are working hard while sequestered away at home due to the #coronavirus in what may be the single largest work-from-home experiment in history, @AaronReich  …
CORONAVIRUS spread from a science laboratory in Wuhan and not a ‘wet market', a group of Chinese scientists have sensationally claimed.  …
Canadian health staff are on the ground in Japan as another 67 people, including three Canadians test positive for the coronavirus on the Diamond Princess cruise ship.  … @CBCWorldNews 
Very stupid ? #coronavirus Prime Minister of #Cambodia Shaking hands with many infected people #Westerdam American passengers spread the virus Erroneous #CoronavirusOutbreak The horror that cannot be seen #CNN #NBC #ABC invisible death 
China's Hubei reports 139 new coronavirus deaths on Feb. 15  
Coronavirus: Death toll surpasses 1,600 with 139 new deaths in China's Hubei province  …
Interview: Author of US BioWeapons Act Believes The WHO & China Are Lying About The Coronavirus  …
The World Health Organisation (WHO) has been accused of “delaying” its response to the coronavirus outbreak in an attempt to appease China.  …
Coronavirus bombshell: ‘REAL cause’ of outbreak claim - Chinese scientists break cover.. Coronavirus spread from a science laboratory in Wuhan and not a ‘wet market', a group of Chinese scientists have sensationally claimed.  …
Amazing. This is how you do your grocery "shopping" in an era of #COVID2019 #新冠病毒 时代，分菜了！ #COVID2019 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronaviruschina #武汉肺炎 #新冠肺炎 #新冠病毒 #武漢肺炎 #全民反抗 #全民自救 #全民互救 
As demand spikes for medical equipment, this Texas manufacturer is caught in coronavirus’s supply chain panic 
#coronavirus is a bioengineered virus by #Globalists aided by #Chicom @WHO will soon announce mandatory #coronavirus vaccines to be injected worldwide for #Globalists to make trillions. More #autism worldwide for the #Globalists to grab more  …
YO. This guy's credentials are CNN/New York Times/AFP And HE's reporting #Coronavirus origins are potentially "from an animal research lab 280m away from the epicentre of the outbreak. The scientists were reportedly bitten by bats used for a test on louse. " 
China is callously and deliberately spreading #Coronavirus Watch these despicable sights and take caution 
Chinese woman with a create protection suite against the #Wuhan #Coronavirus. The man might be laughing at her now but will he laugh when in a hospital bed caughing his lungs up while she sits ahppily at home in her genius suit? 
"A Surgical Mask Won't Protect You From #Coronavirus"  … via @McGillOSS @drlabos: "The following is a public service announcement: Please stop stealing masks from your doctor’s office."
China disinfects BANK NOTES and quarantines them for 14 days as Beijing announces 143 new coronavirus deaths and 2,641 additional cases while death toll hits 1,527  …
BREAKING: Coronavirus death toll reaches 1600
Hello Everybody! I have a important video that I’m uploading to Twitter that explains what is happening right now in #China right now. I highly advise everybody to download this video immediately to their electronic devices. Just in case if Twitter deletes it. #CoronaVirus 
Apparently we are not allowed to share anything other than the official story about coronavirus. But I can share my opinion. I do not believe the official story.
CORONAVIRUS LATEST: --139 new deaths reported in Hubei province, the same number as the day before --An 83-year-old American left a cruise ship and was diagnosed in Malaysia --WHO says the virus path is 'impossible to predict' 
They Documented the Coronavirus Crisis in Wuhan. Then They Vanished.  …
Could tobacco cure coronavirus? Don’t laugh.  …
A 16-year-old Asian student in LA was sent to the emergency room after being assaulted and bullied over #coronavirus-related racism:  
#breaking Major jump in coronavirus cases on quarantined Diamond Princess cruise ship in Japan -- from 219 to 286. U.S. government is strongly advising hundreds of Americans onboard to take government evacuation flights home, but some are devastated to learn they don't qualify. 
BREAKING: 139 new coronavirus deaths in Hubei province
BREAKING: Hubei province in China has reported 1,843 new cases and 139 new deaths in the #coronavirus outbreak. That brings the total number of cases in China to more than 66,000, and the number of deaths to 1,523 
Death penalty for Chinese citizens "hiding" coronavirus according to German Foreign Press. Not sure how a court determines "hiding" but execution seems a bit out of bounds. Does that include children too? Communists making environment of fear worse.  …
Japan has seen an increase in #coronavirus patients "from people with no direct connection to China," a possible sign that the virus is spreading inside the country.  …
Lots of concern these days about the seasonal flu and coronavirus causing so much harm, as there should be. But we should never overlook the spiritual virus, the many forms of sin, that infect our world. But, not to fear - Jesus is the Divine Physician.
Another great read >>The Economic Fallout of the Coronavirus in Southeast Asia  … via @Trinhnomics
BREAKING: Epicenter of coronavirus outbreak reports 1,843 new cases and 139 new deaths  …
American from cruise ship docked in Cambodia tests positive in Malaysia for coronavirus  
So I’m you don’t drown in your own snot the first time, the heart attack will get you in the second round. Bastards. Hubei Doctors Warn Of Even-Deadlier Coronavirus Reinfection Causing Sudden Heart Attacks | Zero Hedge  …
My friends are being told they may be evacuated today to as US air base . Unfortunately, my friend’s best friend , Jerri Jorgenson (they are both named Jeri and both ladies) has been diagnosed with Coronavirus and is being forced to stay behind alone  …
Is a vaccine for the  Inovio says it has designed one in San Diego  …
World's biggest experiment in working from home now underway in China due to #coronavirus - what legal implications / precedents exist outside China if this spreads? Natalie Pierce Garry Mathiason Littler 
So if you somehow survive the first round of the coronavirus, you end up with fucked up kidneys, a fucked up heart, and your balls quit working, then when you get it again, your heart explodes. This was made in a lab and you can't convince me otherwise.
Unfortunate News on the SOP II Junya front, the factory that produces the plush is currently closed due to novel coronavirus. Because of this, orders are going to be delayed, but rest assured that when the factory reopens Junya will get to you. We're sorry for this inconvenience! 
Brilliant way to ensure facemask supply for people in Taiwan ! We HKers just need 光復香港 printed on ours #coronavirus 
Comment: Coronavirus may yet  a pandemic, but in Australia it has killed no one and no sufferer has infected another person. These realities haven't stopped the racist scare-mongering, writes Tim Soutphommasane  …
When the coronavirus hits the states, the corporate press will effortlessly pivot from "it's not a big deal"* to "it's trump's fault for underfunding the CDC" This thread will be updated *not at all the universal narrative rn btw
What's in a name? Why WHO's formal name for the new coronavirus disease matters 
China's Doctors Warn of Even-Deadlier Coronavirus Reinfection Causing Sudden Heart Attacks #Breaking #News #Coronavirus #China #Health #Warning #COVIDー19 #COVID19  …
Beijing has ordered a mandatory 14-day quarantine for travelers returning to the city, with novel coronavirus cases continuing to rise in China and international experts warning there's no immediate end in sight 
The front page of tomorrow's Sunday Telegraph: Millions to be told 'stay at home' if coronavirus spreads #TomorrowsPapersToday Read the exclusive report here:  
Chang Kai, born in 1964, worked at #Hubei Film Studio, died of #COVID19 in the morning on the #valentinsday . His sister died in the same afternoon. His father died on Jan 28. His mother died on Jan 31. Within 17 days, four members died. His wife was infected too. #coronavirus 
Brand New Report Just Out! Nearly 10k Military Personnel From 110 Nations In #Wuhan China Weeks Before Coronavirus Outbreak! #Coronavirus #COVID19 Please Share Everywhere!  
Coronavirus-related racism is real. When I visited a hospital near Stuttgart due to a minor injury, a middle-aged German guy saw my 12-month-old child toddling around & said "Der hat einen Corona Einschlag! (He looks a bit like Corona!)" I don't think he was talking about beer.
Hubei Doctors Warn Of Even-Deadlier Coronavirus Reinfection Causing Sudden Heart Attacks | Zero Hedge  …
Wuhan's Hastily-Constructed 1,000-Bed Coronavirus Hospital Is Already Falling Apart | Zero Hedge  …
Absolutely amazing thread. In response to coronavirus, China has mobilized state power on a colossal scale, shutting down much of the entire country. The amount of manpower, logistics, and social control involved in this effort is difficult to imagine.  …
The coronavirus danger in Australia is low, yet fear is running high. Racism, xenophobia and viral panics are presenting bigger threats. Time for the federal government to re-fund a national anti-racism strategy. Today’s column for @smh  …
JUST IN: Number of confirmed coronavirus cases in France rises to 12
An 83-year-old American is diagnosed with coronavirus a day after disembarking the cruise ship Westerdam along with more than 2,200 passengers and crew 
From a WSJ story about passengers stuck on coronavirus cruise ship. This poor bastard sounds like the kind of character you’d meet if Aaron Spelling had produced a prime time series based on Dante’s Inferno. 
Bitcoin prices are surging, and the altcoin market is on a tear. Does it have anything to do with the coronavirus in  …
I wonder if Donald Rumsfeld is still invested in and making money from Gilead Sciences where he used to be Chairman, since 2019-novel coronavirus (COVID-19) is now being treated with Gilead's Remdesivir.  …
New today w/ @bylenasun: Coronavirus has sparked a health crisis, a diplomatic fiasco & an economic mess. And it has exposed major vulnerabilities in the global supply chain for medical supplies, which relies heavily on China. Take surgical masks:  …
IT'S NOT ONLY COMING BUT ALREADY HERE: AND THE SUN WON'T STOP IT. IT'S 90 DEGREES IN SINGAPORE AND THE STILL HAVE IT: This pastor says God is sparing the U.S. from #coronavirus because of the Trump administration  05 #SaturdayMorning
RIP efforts  conspiracy theories about the origins of the coronavirus.  …
@Recode @voxdotcom interviewed me to talk about coronavirus, but omitted all the science and epidemiology parts and just covered me quoting that I wear a mask and that wealthy people are more exposed to high-risk international contact points (I also mentioned Uber drivers etc).  …
I was talking to an old muslim friend from Pakistan about coronavirus. He: hey you know, they can find the cure in Quran. Me: No way, seriously? He: that's how they found the cure for AIDS. My friend is uneducated.
Beijing, a city of more than 21 million residents, told new arrivals to quarantine at home for 2 weeks in its latest attempt to keep the deadly coronavirus from spreading 
Check out the resource provided by Mammoth. Glad that scientists are working together and sharing openly. #coronavirus  …
Hero. Wuhan's cat rescuer: the man saving pets abandoned during coronavirus outbreak – video  …
Many of the #Coronavirus  out of #China are from citizens such as #ChenQiushi & #FangBin. Now, both are missing and presumably held by Chinese police. As always, #CCP’s top priority is silencing criticism. It’s the #Communist Way.  …
Is #CoronaVirus really a bio-weapons experiment gone wrong? It is hard for full facts and real numbers  out of China. And yet, each day this is getting bigger.  …
' @WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus on Saturday called for "solidarity not stigma" in fighting the novel #coronavirus epidemic at the 56th Munich Security Conference 
The Trump administration is seriously underprepared to tackle the coronavirus. 
"The Chinese professor Xu Zhangrun, who published a rare public critique of President Xi Jinping over China’s coronavirus crisis, has now been barred from social media, and his friends have not been able to contact him for several days"  …
It's getting weird out there. 1st the Coronavirus & now THIS Locust Armies raveling in swarms up to 40 miles wide & numbering in the billions R ravaging large portions of Eastern Africa & devouring entire farms In Kenya “In As Little As 30 Seconds"  …
‘I Cannot Remain Silent’ - A brave voice cries out against China’s mishandling of the #coronavirus crisis, by @NickKristof  via @nytopinion #covid19
The chances of Bloomberg surviving Coronavirus is 80% higher...... than Having Hillary as Vice President
NOW: France confirms the 12th case of coronavirus and the 6th in Les Contamines-Montjoie  …
I guess Michael Bloomberg didn't get the memo that contracting Hillary Clinton is deadlier than the Coronavirus.
China Begins Disinfecting Bank Notes, Quarantining Them for 14 Days #breaking #news #Coronavirus #China #Currency #Money #Markets  …
Israeli invention to treat those with #coronavirus.  …
Asian  about racism from the coronavirus is hilarious.
Xi says China must keep economic, social order while battling coronavirus  
In an interview posted to the embassy twitter page, Chinese ambassador Cui Tiankai talks about China's response to the coronavirus and how the country is cooperating with others. #coronavirus  
Japanese officials report another three cases of coronavirus, totaling nine new cases Saturday not from the Diamond Princess cruise ship. Get the latest on the coronavirus: 
One must ask: Is this the normal reaction to a flu virus? B R I A N K O L F A G E on Instagram: “More bodies in China!! Just kidding it’s California and it’s happening now! #coronavirus”  …
Sixth British national who also stayed at the chalet in Les Contamines-Montjoie is confirmed to have coronavirus covid-19 in France
 on here daily about the weather, they’re hungry (really!) it’s Monday (be glad you’re alive) they’re cold (put a Fucking jumper on) they’ve got a cold! (Unless you’ve got coronavirus pop a paracetamol) whilst others have real problems, sort your selves out
Ruling elites in Beijing are posting fraudulent #coronavirus data, leading to human rights abuses, fatalities, & a threat to the entire world. We've clearly demonstrated fraud evident as early as late Jan., which may mark the point at which escalations were no longer avoidable.  
Covering #DineChinatown in Boston today! City Councilors @wutrain & @mfflaherty are supporting local Chinatown businesses who have been struggling amid fears of the coronavirus. A Harvard infectious diseases professor says Chinatown is just as safe as any other area 
It's snowing in #Wuhan now. Video by an US expat living there who gives regular updates via TikTok, username "prostage". #Coronavirus 
As China and the world try to stop the spread of the novel coronavirus, the fight against another deadly disease, Ebola, has reached an encouraging "milestone," the World Health Organization said 
Harvard Professor Sounds Alarm on 'Likely' #Coronavirus Pandemic: 40% to 70% of World Could Be Infected 
A brave Chinese professor speaks up about the coronavirus. "I cannot remain silent," he says, adding: "The coronavirus epidemic has revealed the rotten core of Chinese governance.” He calls on Chinese to demand free speech and free elections. My column: 
A courageous Chinese law professor circulated a scathing essay blaming Xi Jinping and his cabal for the coronavirus crisis and calling for free speech and free elections, @NickKristof writes  
Snake Oils Conman Jim Bakker Openly Sells Fake Coronavirus Cure Not Sure How This Is Legal? He Also Claims Trump Is The Chosen One For Anyone Who Is Confused About This God Does Not Choose A Conman Who Takes Troops Away From Defending Lives To Take Oil 
The article has literally six (6!) mentions of the word "handshake". So if an article's headline is "“No handshakes, please”: The tech industry is terrified of the coronavirus" And it has six mentions of the word "handshake". But it is not about handshakes. Got it.  …
This is really sad. More people died of the flu than Coronavirus. The manner in which it was reported resulted in illogical xenophobia  …
Beijing has ordered a mandatory 14-day quarantine for travelers returning to the city, with novel coronavirus cases continuing to rise in China and international experts warning there's no immediate end in sight 
Lest we forget, #China is so much more than the #CoronaVirus! #Culture @Dahl_Consult @NevilleGaunt @AmandaRay02 @debraruh @kashthefuturist @LoriMoreno @sallyeaves @archonsec @helene_wpli @alvinfoo @Fabriziobustama @AkwyZ @DigitalFawad @BillMew  …
The time to cancel #Beijing2022 is NOW. We don’t know if the #coronavirus will be contained by then. More importantly, we CANNOT reward a regime that murdered Nobel Laureate #LiuXiaobo via medical neglect, is imprisoning MILLIONS in #ConcentrationCamps, #OrganHarvesting,  …
Breathtaking chart! #HongKong visitor arrivals  collapsed! #coronavirus ht 
Medical  the coronavirus in China say many of their colleagues have gone from treating patients to  patients themselves. @David_Culver reports.  
Chinese doctors say Wuhan coronavirus reinfection even deadlier. Instead of creating immunity the virus can reportedly reinfect an individual and hasten fatal heart attack. 
Frustrated people of #wuhan -2 No electricity, No food, No Water & no healthcare. Hospitals are full.  to collect dead bodies at homes! @WHO needs to intervene with help of other Nations. #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronavirusWho #coronaviruswuhan #COVID_19 #coronavirus 
not sure if this is #Coronavirus #quarantine related，but this is how law enforcement enforces power in China when they dont want u to sell fruit on street. face masks suggest it happens recently. just brutal  ignoring private property and eliminating human 
Act 1 - Media hits up a tech VC  on Coronavirus. Act 2 - Tech VC says, "nah you're just gonna do some clickbait piece." Act 3 - Very Serious Reporters say, "nuh uh we don't do the clickbait." Finale:  …
Next time mention that coronavirus has been traced to MAGA hats imported from China.
We discovered a coronavirus similar to the covid-19 virus 7 years ago  
Confirmed coronavirus cases as of 12 Feb Total: 45,174 : 44,730 : 175* : 50 : 33 , : 28 : 18 : 16 , : 15 : 13 : 11 , : 8 : 7 , , : 3 , : 2 , , , , , : 1 *Cruise ship in Japan
There’s so much talk about Coronavirus but Arsenalvirus is the bigger threat. It kills you in 10 instalments across 5 years.
Beijing has ordered a mandatory 14-day quarantine for travelers returning to the city, with novel coronavirus cases continuing to rise in China and international experts warning there's no immediate end in sight 
The White House doesn't trust China's coronavirus numbers. Here's why 
American from cruise ship docked in Cambodia tests positive in Malaysia for coronavirus  
Good news! After 13 days of treatment in Guizhou’s hospital, a 67-day old baby suffering from severe novel #coronavirus pneumonia has recovered and was discharged from the hospital on Feb 15. This is the youngest patient to be cured and discharged in China on record. 
The Four Coronavirus Scenarios: The Bad; The Worse; The Ugly; And The Unthinkable | Zero Hedge  …
President Abbas tells China ambassador in Ramallah: "Palestine is ready to provide all possible help to stand with China in facing #coronavirus."
We proudly stand w/ the  & reject fear of the coronavirus. It’s important to treat everyone w/ respect, dignity, understanding.Honored to join @wutrain, @AnnissaForBos, @mfflaherty, @KenzieBok, @LizBreadon, @nina_liang in supporting Chinese  – at China Pearl Restaurant
What's the risk of coronavirus exposure on a flight? -  
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is dramatically increasing the amount it's spending  the coronavirus outbreak 
A Chinese tourist has died in France of the coronavirus, the French health minister said on Saturday,  the outbreak’s first fatality in Europe and outside Asia 
Chinese researchers have developed a new rapid #testing #kit for novel #coronavirus ( #COVID19), claiming test results can be shown within 15 minutes after collecting a drop of blood, said China's State Key Laboratory of Respiratory 
China will soon  current problem of novel #coronavirus epidemic and emerge even stronger than before, senior UN official says  
This VM from 3 weeks ago leaves me gutted. If you have been a medic or nurse etc, you know that there is something in our soul that makes us want to help others. When we can’t, bc the patient load is so overwhelming like this, it feels like a failure. #coronavirus  …
PERSONAL STORIES: Coronavirus fears are hammering Boston Chinatown businesses. @wutrain is Chinese American and says she’s also at times dealing with glances and worried looks on the train. #DINEWITHCHINATOWN #Boston #Coronavirus 
Great to see one of the leading public health experts here reassuring all that the risk of coronavirus remains very low & there’s no higher risk in Chinatown than any   …
Exclusive: Chinese doctors say Wuhan coronavirus reinfection even deadlier. Instead of creating immunity the virus can reportedly reinfect an individual and hasten fatal heart attack. $TSLA 
Coronavirus Outbreak Exposes China’s Monopoly on U.S. Drug, Medical Supplies 
#Coronavirus is nominated for #BestNewArtist at the 
Latest on coronavirus spreading in China and beyond  
An 83-year-old American is diagnosed with coronavirus a day after disembarking the cruise ship Westerdam along with more than 2,200 passengers and crew 
 to openness, transparency in fighting novel #coronavirus outbreak, Chinese Ambassador to U.S. says  
Love Island has killed more people in the U.K. than Coronavirus
#China is underreporting the magnitude of #coronavirus: "There were probably 11,090 to 33,490 infections in Wuhan as of Jan. 22, when China reported 547 cases," one #infectiousdisease specialist says:  … #WuhanChina #publichealth #ChinaCoronaVirus #KAG
"You don't want the world to go crazy." - Trump says the coronavirus will “go away” by April and insists that China has handled the epidemic “very professionally.”  …
An 87-yr-old man diagnosed with #COVID19 held an infusion bottle to visit his wife, also a #COVID19 patient, from the ward next door and patiently gave her water and food. Hope you recover soon! #coronavirus 
Now for a primer on how statisticians detect cheating: “A statistical analysis of China’s coronavirus casualty data shows a near-perfect prediction model that data analysts say isn’t likely to naturally occur.” 99.99% R^2?!  …
La epidemia del coronavirus sigue mostrando lo que al gobierno de México no se le ocurre: The State Department is preparing to fly some Americans from the virus-stricken Diamond Princess cruise ship back to the U.S.—for two more weeks of quarantine  …
The news cycle in 2020 We might start WWIII with Iran America: meh The coronavirus will kill us all America: yawn President acquitted by Senate America: shrug It’s rude to recline your seat on the airplane America: THIS IS AN OUTRAGE AND WE WILL RIOT!  …
BREAKING: Israel-invented 'CoughSync' machine to treat coronavirus patients in China. Still sure that boycotting the Jewish state is the way to go? 
American diagnosed with coronavirus after being cleared to leave cruise ship  
Twenty thousand people are converting to Islam in China after the fact that coronavirus does not infect Muslims, watch the video below and see 
If this is true, then China's official mortality rate for coronavirus is vastly underestimated. That means it's much more lethal than China is admitting. Folks, be smart. Be prepared. China is basically shut down.  …
#Coronavirus death toll now more than 1,500 people. Here’s everything we know:  
U.S. cruise ship passengers riled over order for added two-week coronavirus quarantine at home 
NEW: As coronavirus cases soar in China, the dilemma facing this Texas maker of surgical masks exposes major weaknesses in global supply chain of critical protective gear (PPE) needed to keep health workers safe--abroad and in U.S. Me and 
This is Reach Out Weekend! Give this link to friends, family, church, sports teams, neighbors, everyone! We are only as prepared as our neighbors! Before a Pandemic  Only you can protect you. #COVID2019 #COVID19 #SARSCoV2 #coronavirus
American from cruise ship docked in Cambodia tests positive in Malaysia for coronavirus  
Chinese Propaganda Attempts to Blame the US for Coronavirus  …
We pray that the efforts of many nations to care for people with the #coronavirus, to control its spread and develop the research for a vaccine will take place in an atmosphere of cooperation. #prayer
Baby born to coronavirus patient in China tests NEGATIVE for the killer disease - despite fears it can be passed on in the womb 
“What am I going to do without my dad? The treatment was so delayed！“ wailing of a girl in #Wuhan after her dad passed away due to #coronavirus #WuhanCoronavirus #China #ChinaCoronaVirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #VIRUS_CORONA #WuhanPneumonia 
Dr Francis Boyle, who drafted the Biological Weapons Anti-Terrorism Act of 1989, says Coronavirus is a biological warfare weapon and the WHO knows it  …
President Xi Jinping began fighting the coronavirus epidemic earlier than previously known, a newly published speech indicates, underscoring that he was concerned about the virus even while officials at its epicenter were downplaying its dangers 
"Coronavirus" surpasses 65,000 PURE infections, continuing its lead with most viral outbreak of 2020 Less than 4 days ago it hit the 40,000 total infected. 
The Conservative case for the Coronavirus by David French
China is using its centuries-old traditional medicine on patients affected by the coronavirus disease, a top health official said — Results: none  …
#Cambodia had already earned high praise from the #US #president to the #WHO chief for allowing #Westerdam to dock. News of #American woman from Westerdam with #COVID19 #coronavirus on landing in #Malaysia definitely not something #phnompenh wants to hear  …  
Proud of the @mammothbiosci team and our @UCSF colleagues for getting this information together so quickly. We hope this resource will enable better, faster and cheaper solutions  the novel coronavirus outbreak.  …
The US military has set up 15 coronavirus quarantine camps on its bases in anticipation of future cases, and 600 citizens are currently isolated there.  …
New survey? It’s an age old fact. Feminism activism and Marxism are the major cause as well effects of mental illness and chutiyapanti. This illness is a exactly half million time deadlier than the Coronavirus  …
Four Kids of a family spent all their pocket money on masks to support China's battle against the #coronavirus. 'Once together, always together!' #PakStandsWithChina @MFA_China @SpokespersonCHN 
China’s Communist Party leader, Xi Jinping, issued internal orders about the coronavirus epidemic in early January, about two weeks before his first public remarks about the outbreak.  …
An #Israeli invented a device to help children with acute respiratory challenges at a #Jerusalem-based hospital. Now, his device is going to be used to treat people with #coronavirus in China. Read the story by  …
#HongKongPolice pepper-sprayed almost every ppl they saw, including District Councillors, reporters & civilians in Tin Shui Wai after rally against unconsulted #Coronavirus quarantine centre. Some officers're sprayed too, looking so painful. #HKPoliceState 
Big oil is lamenting the rise of the coronavirus- not because it’s caused human suffering or the death toll, but because it’s led to a drop in oil demand. How callous. They really DGAF about us. Wait till they see how climate change destroys the economy.  …
2 bloody wks of my name trending/in the news. But meanwhile: Bloomberg, Kids in cages at the border, coronavirus, the damage of the world being on fire, sex trafficking, refugee crisis, food stamps being taken away from people, homelessness epidemic. (All probably caused by me.) 
We have prepare and ready for the Coronavirus. Says a country that can't even handle laser fever within six months... Nigeria Oo
WSJ with a wild story on being stuck quarantined aboard the coronavirus ship - a luxury cruise that went horribly awry:  …
Honestly, if you’re one of those people who moan and think you’ll get coronavirus from ordering a chinese takeaway... You are a total penis and I will block you for being an absolute twat.
A 67-day-old #baby on Saturday became China's youngest novel #coronavirus pneumonia patient to be cured and discharged from hospital so far.
Latest on coronavirus spreading in China and beyond  
The first shots are fired in #China! The population protests against the government. The authorities are still shooting into the air. #COVID19 #coronavirus #WuhanCoronavius #CoronavirusOutbreak  …
Today is #WorldPangolinDay & these endangered animals need our help! But they don't need people saying that #coronavirus = "Revenge of the Pangolin." Please read my Op-ed to understand why:  … #Pangolins #WildlifeTrade #racism #OneHealth 
The US military has set up 15 coronavirus quarantine camps on its bases, and 600 citizens are sti...  … via @Yahoo
China has instituted massive quarantines to keep the coronavirus from spreading. How are citizens reacting, & what does the broad effort mean for China's high-tech surveillance state? @annafifield explains. See the full conversation tomorrow on GPS, @10am & 1pm ET on 
Health Officials Warn It Is Impossible To Tell If American Cruise Ship Passengers Suffering From Coronavirus Or Just Like That  
US to evacuate Americans who have been quarantined on a cruise ship in Japan due to coronavirus outbreak  
Others like #Thailand #Japan had previously refused to allow #Westerdam to dock for fear of #COVID19 #coronavirus. #Cambodia #PM #HunSen even turned up to greet passengers who got off, having close contact with many of them without any protective gear then ( @noansereiboth 
BREAKING: Coronavirus bombshell: ‘REAL cause’ of outbreak claim - Chinese scientists breaks cover Claims it came from laboratory researchers from lab in Wuhan investigating sick bats with CoronaVirus only 260 meters from market where outbreak started.  …
Great to join a super-packed #dimsum this AM, organized by my @BOSCityCouncil colleagues @wutrain & @EdforBoston & Quincy Councilor @nina_liang, to reject #coronavirus fear & #DinewithChinatown. BTW @wutrain, Blaise is ready to take the mic! #LoveBostonChinatown #bospoli #mapoli 
The fight against coronavirus is going high tech. Artificial intelligence and machine learning are being deployed to help stop its spread, as @johnbrownstein 
China Coronavirus: Tough Realities & Possibility of Global Pandemic—Epidemic Reporter Laurie Garrett - YouTube. Direct link to Laurie Garret’s interview on the Coronavirus, excellent thoughts & advice from an expert on epidemics .  …
80 year old dies in France from the Coronavirus. He flew into France from Hubei. He was in the city for 10 days before detection and death. Kudos for our travel ban President Trump. France reports Europe’s first coronavirus death  …
An #American woman who disembarked from #Westerdam has been tested positive for #coronavirus #COVID19 when she landed in #Malaysia. #Cambodia had claimed all passengers were cleared of the virus. #PhnomPenh was the only country to allow the ship to  …
Pretty sure we just watched the PM of Cambodia get infected. #coronavirus  …
American passenger who disembarked from MS Westerdam in Cambodia has tested positive for new coronavirus after she travelled to Malaysia
The women's husband has symptoms as well but so far he has tested negative for coronavirus. It's unknown if this will have any effects for people who are still on Westerdam  …
Much remains unknown about the novel coronavirus ripping through China, but one thing is certain. The disease can cast a storm over the whole human body. 
#ICYMI A "hazmat suit wedding dress" and a bouquet of gloves marked the "video call wedding ceremony" of a nurse in Wuhan, at the heart of #coronavirus epidemic, a day before #ValentinesDay 
UPDATE: U.S. woman from Westerdam cruise ship, which was rejected by several countries for fears of coronavirus, has tested positive after disembarking in Cambodia and flying to Malaysia  …
France reports first death from coronavirus outside of Asia after Chinese tourist dies in Paris 
I had to see if this was true. It was. The president of the USA retweeted a video of a mayor who left his mic on while excusing himself to go to the bathroom. This is what the most powerful official in the world is doing today. Not working on Coronavirus or North Korea or...
This Coronavirus... the way it is crossing borders and continents and its rising indiscriminate death toll clearly proves that the narrative that it was created to stop China's global march and ascendence false. Well, China's economy is definitely going to be hit the most anyway
Cell phones of dead people that had #Coronavirus that might have videos on them of people dying!! #TornadoTrump 
Remember the cruise ship Westerdam, which no country would allow to dock until Cambodia allowed it? One of the passengers who disembarked has been detected with coronavirus. Over half of the passengers have already left the ship. h/t  …
Xi says China must keep economic, social order while battling coronavirus  
5 Altruistic Idols & Groups Helping In The Fight Against Coronavirus  …
An 83-year-old American passenger on #Westerdam cruise ship that docked in Cambodia after being refused in #Thailand has tested positive for the new coronavirus. Malaysia says American from cruise ship tests positive for new coronavirus  
Several antiviral drugs have been applied in clinical trials against the novel #coronavirus disease ( #COVID19), and some have shown fairly good clinical efficacy, said Chinese health authority 
China has registered 80+ #COVID19 trials, testing HIV drugs, stem cells, traditional Chinese medicines, survivor serum, etc. After all, 1381 people have died. @WHO is trying to set trial standards & organizing their own. My latest #coronavirus @NatureNews  …
I have and do read everything I can from science world on coronavirus and they are actually more pragmatic than the circumspect financial media. Not priced in for how long? Will the crisis ever pass has market reached all time high? If I sell everything would I regret in a year?  …
#NEW on #OANN: France's health minister announces an 80-year-old man who visited China has died in a Paris hospital, marking the first #coronavirus death in Europe
The coronavirus outbreak has been predictable in nearly every way: from the nature of its emergence to its rapid international dissemination and its clear potential to sicken people. What is surprising is that we are not better prepared. 
We are pleased to have discharged two patients we have been treating for coronavirus. Tests have shown they no longer have the virus and pose no risk to anyone. Read a full update from @NHSEngland:  
More than 1,700 medical workers have been infected by the #coronavirus, and some say it's "too high a price" to pay.  #Covid19 
The US government is preparing to evacuate Americans who have been quarantined on a cruise ship in Japan for over a week, after dozens of people on board tested positive for the novel coronavirus earlier this month 
Wow.... BREAKING: Coronavirus Outbreak Exposes China’s Monopoly on U.S. Drug, Medical Supplies.  …
The extremely virulent coronavirus which is sweeping through China's Hubei province like wildfire will eventually gain a foothold in the United States -  a 'community virus' this year or next, according to CDC Director Dr. Robert Redfield. 
Which camp are you headed to if you catch the #Coronavirus in America...no joke. 
‘Black swan’ coronavirus casts its shadow over the global economy  …
#Coronavirus: #US passenger from Westerdam cruise ship infected, #Malaysia confirms The Westerdam had been stranded at sea for two weeks after being blocked by five nations over coronavirus fears, until #Cambodia allowed it to  …
Now that we know MS #Westerdam had people infected with #COVID19, this photo of Cambodia's prime minister hugging and kissing the passengers as they disembark looks rather surreal. #coronavirus 
This is a bombshell. Beijing had high level politburo meeting w/ Xi on containing coronavirus as early as January 7.  …
A top infectious-disease scientist warns that two-thirds of the world’s population could get infected with the coronavirus 
BREAKING: An American woman who was on a #CruiseShip that was rejected by 5 countries before being allowed to dock in #Cambodia has tested positive for the new #Coronavirus.  …
Reports of treatments and vaccines against the #coronavirus are prompting pockets of excitement around the world. @jamespaton14 breaks down exactly how optimistic we should 
Scientists are talking about pangolins as a coronavirus source, but data is still not public 
Thrilled to be part of this panel on coronavirus with @FareedZakaria @CNN @EmoryScdp  …
Central banking authorities of China are disinfecting, stashing & reportedly even destroying cash in effort to stop #coronavirus. Cash collected  banks must be disinfected before being released back to customers. -People’s Bank of China  …
The coronavirus outbreak that began in China is affecting the production of hockey sticks used by the world’s top players and raising concerns about a potential shortage.  …
Reuters exclusive: Senior China diplomat concedes challenge of coronavirus, slams 'overreaction'.  …
Instead of focuing on the Coronavirus, let's focus on what WILL kill you... Your sugar addiction.
Smoking Gun? Chinese Scientist Finds "Killer Coronavirus Probably Originated From A Laboratory In Wuhan" | Zero Hedge  …
Good start to my year with Pablo Sandoval. I have my usual allergies down here, and when he heard me talk he accused me of having coronavirus. Since this is social media I have to spell out the fact that he was kidding. #sfgiants
WHO chief says coronavirus still an emergency for China  
Interesting this from James Harding on “rumours doing the rounds” that the IOC & IPC are now considering a poss unprecedented postponement of Tokyo Games because of coronavirus, depending on how situation develops. Both orgs today continue to insist a Plan B not being considered  …
“The #coronavirus has exposed the evil face of the #CCP, the system is corrupt, they’ve been lying, abusing powers & repressing people.” “This evil has to end, I support the independence of HongKong, Tibet, #Uyghurs & others. @Cgtn is a 
Catch it Bin it Kill it The NHS and Government are well prepared for coronavirus. You can protect yourself and others this winter -make you always use a tissue and wash your hands thoroughly. 
Another 67 coronavirus cases reported on Diamond Princess cruise ship  
Japanese officials report another three cases of coronavirus, totaling nine new cases Saturday not from the Diamond Princess cruise ship. Get the latest on the coronavirus: 
No party anymore for passengers #Westerdam as a former passenger was confirmed of having #coronavirus. Half of them are still on the ship and will be held for 14 days. The other half has gone around the world. Nightmare!  …
China have called for plasma donation from cured patients who were infected with novel coronavirus as four critically ill patients in Wuhan have shown improved clinical symptoms after the treatment using their plasma  
There is no honor  who in #China are in the early stages of tearing the ruling organization apart. #coronavirus  …
This book written in 1981 by dean koontz exactly talking about the #coronavirus is it coincidence ? 
The three patients we were treating with coronavirus at the Royal Free Hospital have now been discharged. Tests showed they no longer have the virus.
Hundreds of people are packed into the China Pearl restaurant for a “dim sum brunch”—a joint effort between Boston and the city of Quincy—to allay coronavirus fears. 
An 83-year-old American is diagnosed with coronavirus a day after disembarking the cruise ship Westerdam along with more than 2,200 passengers and crew 
France announces first coronavirus death in Europe  
Xinhua Headlines: Chinese firms boost "immunity" to coronavirus fallout as they are racing to cut losses after the extended Spring Festival holiday  
Malaysia says American from cruise ship tests positive for new coronavirus  
“Together, stronger.” @FCBarcelona showed their support to China amid the #coronavirus outbreak before Saturday's kickoff. 
A US woman in her 80’s who flew “to Malaysia after disembarking in Cambodia from the MS Westerdam cruise ship has tested positive for the new coronavirus.” Her husband also had symptoms, remains under hospital observation, but had a negative test.  …
I just found out that Drewscape (on Instagram/FB) aka Andrew Tan did a series  for NUS for the COVID-19/ coronavirus outbreak. I love this one about healthcare workers!  
#Breaking A woman who was on a cruise ship that was rejected by five countries before being allowed to dock in Cambodia tested positive for the new coronavirus.  …
UPDATE: Eight out of the nine confirmed UK coronavirus cases have left hospital after twice testing negative for the virus  
Harvard professor says coronavirus pandemic "likely," could infect 40 to 70 percent of the world this year  
A 16-year-old Asian student in Los Angeles County was sent to the emergency room after being assaulted over unfounded fears of the coronavirus outbreak  …
Japan's 1st in-hospital coronavirus transmission suspected in Wakayama Pref. - Japan  …
UPDATE: Malaysia says US citizen from Westerdam cruise ship tests positive for coronavirus  
BBC News - Coronavirus: Why have two reporters in Wuhan disappeared?  …
We are truly humbled to see that over 3 million people have responded to our call to pray for the churches in #Wuhan #China , a lot thanks to over 25K shares on Facebook! God bless you! May the #coronavirus crisis humble the Chinese authorities to seek #God!
中国加油 | Moments before kickoff, Barça showed its support for the Chinese people amidst the #coronavirus crisis. 'TOGETHER, STRONGER' 
Here we go. Malaysian health authorities say an 83-year-old American woman who was on the #westerdam ship has tested positive for coronavirus in Kuala Lumpur. She flew from Cambodia on Friday. On Saturday, 2 more charter flights from Phnom Penh to KL did not take off. #cambodia
The only thing #XiJinping & his #CCP cronies have under control is the spread of information. Him & his #Communist buddies are masters of #Censorship, lies, & deceit. They always have been since the era of #Mao. Why would anyone believe a word out of #Beijing? #Coronavirus 
Two people who had contact with a Tokyo taxi driver who was found to have the coronavirus Thursday have also tested positive for the virus. One was a worker at a local taxi association, while the other was a worker on a boat where the driver attended a party - Japan
Malaysia said on Saturday an 83-year-old American passenger on the #Westerdam cruise ship that docked in Cambodia has tested positive for the new coronavirus.  …
Here are 5 ways the coronavirus affects human rights, 
French Officials Confirm First Coronavirus Death In Europe  … 
BREAKING NEWS: Some American passengers aboard the Diamond Princess cruise ship are headed to JBSA - Lackland in  days to be monitored for the coronavirus. 
“Not forwarding fake Coronavirus WhatsApp messages is the first step towards enlightenment” -Buddha
Kathmandu: Nepal Government has sent Nepal Airlines’ Airbus A-330 to Wuhan, to evacuate their nationals from China amid #CoronaVirus outbreak. 
Talking about Democrats realizing “Maybe the problem is us,” Coronavirus mysteries, taking calls, and coffee  …
Personally I can’t wait for the point five years from now when half of Twitter is like “DID YOU REMEMBER TO GET YOUR CORONAVIRUS SHOT???” and the other half is like “Eh, I’m not getting it. I never get coronavirus.”
It should be no surprise that the .1% of people who study power laws for a living are taking Coronavirus extremely seriously, while the rest of the population is not
Here’s the #coronavirus story we should be talking about: There are proposed budget cuts to both the National Institutes of Health ($2.9 billion) & the Centers for Disease Control ($708 million). Now is not the time to pull funding for public health!
HOLY MOTHER OF GOD this sensationalist amateur grifter blocked me for repeatedly pointing out his utter lack of qualifications to discuss #SARSCoV2 #COVID19 #coronavirus. I must be doing something right. 
Thousands of cats have been abandoned in China due to the coronavirus outbreak. This man is trying to save them. 
Coronavirus: Westerdam cruise passenger infected, Malaysia confirms  …
Epicenter of #coronavirus outbreak #Wuhan, a city of 11 million people, now a ghost town. This is what life is like living 
VIRUS OUTBREAK: NHS ENGLAND HAS SAID ALL BUT ONE OF THE NINE PATIENTS IN THE UK WHO TESTED POSITIVE FOR THE CORONAVIRUS HAVE BEEN DISCHARGED FROM THE HOSPITAL #breakingnews
"We are encouraged that the steps #China has taken to contain the outbreak at its source appear to have bought the world time – even though those steps  at greater cost to China itself," says @DrTedros in his update on #COVID19 at #MSC2020. @WHO #coronavirus 
Senior Chinese diplomat thanks global support  #coronavirus at the annual Munich Security Conference  …
As the coronavirus spreads in Asia, is the US prepared? @colleenkraftmd says officials have acted quickly, building on experience from previous outbreaks like H1N1. See the full conversation on GPS, @10am & 1pm ET Sunday on 
Vietnam Quarantines Over 10,000 People Amid Coronavirus Outbreak How long before we will be wearing masks?........  …
This teenager had to have an MRI to see if he had a concussion after being attacked for being Asian-American. Ignorance about #coronavirus is to blame for this act of bigoted bullying.  …
Like his candidacy or not, you’ve got to give mad props to the Bloomberg team for splicing this scene from Billy Madison into Trump’s coronavirus presser. #Resist  …
This was supposed to be year of the #Euro. Instead, currency is extending its worst annual start since 2015 as coronavirus scare highlights basic design flaws & deep vulnerability to shocks. Banks cut euro forecasts, Hedge Funds add aggressively to shorts.  
US to Evacuate Americans From Cruise Ship in Japan Amid Coronavirus Outbreak  …
Coronavirus: Eight of nine UK patients receiving treatment discharged 
China has begun to quarantine large quantity of bank notes in the affected areas and temporarily store some of it in warehouses to ensure that the coronavirus does not spread through cash 
“We are not just fighting an epidemic. We are fighting an #infodemic. Fake news spreads just as fast and easily as this virus, and it is very dangerous,” - @DrTedros warns about #coronavirus misinformation at #MSC2020. #COVID19.
Yes. They have actually duck-taped a paper ‘coronavirus pod’ label on an old ambulance. I bring you the nhs, 2020. The envy of the world 
The U.S. government is set to evacuate Americans quarantined on board the Diamond Princess cruise ship due to the coronavirus. 
Communism takes decent human beings and turns them into monsters. #China #coronavirus  …
The coronavirus crisis in China adds a new stress on China's financial system 
“This is a time for facts, not fear. This is a time for rationality, not rumours. This is a time for solidarity, not stigma”- @DrTedros at #MSC2020 on #COVID19 #coronavirus
“In our fractured and divided , health is one of the few areas in which international cooperation offers the opportunity for countries to work together for  cause”- @DrTedros at #MSC2020 on #COVID19 #coronavirus
“We have a choice. Can  together to face  and dangerous enemy? Or will we allow fear, suspicion and irrationality to distract and divide us?”-DrTedros at #MSC2020 on #COVID19 #coronavirus
“The outbreak of #COVID19 underscores the importance that all countries to invest in pandemic preparedness and not panic. For too long, the world has operated on a cycle of panic and neglect.” @DrTedros at #MSC2020. #coronavirus 
“ we must be guided by solidarity, not stigma. The greatest enemy we face is not the #coronavirus itself; it’s the stigma that turns us against each other. We must stop stigma and hate!”- @DrTedros at #MSC2020 on  …
 government took care of its military base in Wuhan 18 days before they ever admitted the coronavirus epidemic had begun in Wuhan. The good people of China will be outraged (at least those with VPNs). #WuFlu #Outbreak #coronaviruschina #china  …
“We’re not just fighting an epidemic; we’re fighting an infodemic. Fake news spreads faster and more easily than this #coronavirus & is just as dangerous”- @DrTedros at #MSC2020 #COVID19
WHO DIRECTOR GENERAL SAYS ALL COUNTRIES MUST BE PREPARED FOR THE ARRIVAL OF CORONAVIRUS CASES Does he know he’s about a month late and it’s in dozens of countries already
He also says to give without ceasing when those collection  your way, brothers and sisters. This pastor says God is sparing the U.S. from coronavirus because of the Trump administration 
US to evacuate its citizens from cruise ship quarantined in Japan #coronavirus 
One of the best ways to keep your children safe from #coronavirus (and other diseases) is to simply encourage regular handwashing. It doesn't need to be a scary conversation. Sing along with @TheWiggles to make learning 
The 10days fully constructed hospital in Wuhan,china is collapsing badly. #coronavirus 
Update on #coronavirus testing: As of 2pm today, a total of 224 Scottish tests have concluded 224 confirmed negative 0 positive Read latest update  Health advice  Guidance for travel  
LIVE FROM HONG KONG: Latest Information Coming Out of China Indicates Coronavirus Death Totals Are Much Larger than Reported @JoeHoft  … via @gatewaypundit
You cannot square Yu Yongding's alarmist words with the assessment from Beijing that the #coronavirus epidemic will knock no more than 1% off #China's growth  …
People’s reactions to coronavirus are getting dumber and more racist. @ronnychieng 
Russia's Radio Sputnik broadcasts in Kansas City and elsewhere to sow doubt about Western institutions. Its American hosts find much to dislike in the U.S., from the reporting on the coronavirus to President Trump's impeachment.  
UPDATE on #coronavirus testing in the UK: As of 2pm on Saturday 15 February 2020, a total of 2992 tests have concluded: 2983 were confirmed negative. 9 positive. Updates will be published at 2pm daily. For latest information visit:  
More than 67,000 people worldwide have been infected by the new coronavirus - and the death toll has exceeded 1,500. How does it spread and how can you protect yourself?  
Best story  out of the #coronavirus 
There are so many coronavirus horror stories, but this one from the quarantined Diamond Princess cruise ship is by far the most terrifying 
Inside #FangCang, patients lining up for breakfast. One of the many scenes in #China during #CoronavirusOutbreak. #方艙醫院，排除領早餐。 #COVID2019 #Coronavirus #coronaviruschina #武汉肺炎 #新冠肺炎 #新冠病毒 
Dozens of Britons face being left on coronavirus plague ship while US prepares to air-lift ALL its 428 citizens off Diamond Princess cruise liner for 14-day quarantine in California 
All but one of the nine patients in the UK who tested positive for coronavirus have been discharged from hospital, the NHS has confirmed Read more here:  
Every chance of going out needs to be cherished during the #coronavirus outbreak in #China. This time the woman used the chance of dumping trash to practice #kungfu sword. 
Be more like Pierre, turning lenons into lemonades and a coronavirus cruise into an adventure 
 in Chongqing, China has installed two tunnels to spray employees with disinfectant before they start work. #coronavirus 
This is the most absurd #China Communist Party propaganda. The WHO should be ashamed #coronavirus  …
#Oscars award-winning film #LittleWomen’s protagonists #SaoirseRonan and #TimotheeChalamet conveyed greetings to their Chinese fans on #ValentinesDay. The film, scheduled for telecast in China on Friday, has been postponed due to the #coronavirus outbreak  
#CoronaVirus #COVID19 How Robots are helping Corona Virus quarantine people. *********** 
Chinese authorities’ muzzling the doctor who tried to warn early about the coronavirus “became an instant parable for their trampling on the Chinese public’s right to know.” The effort to muzzle public outrage “is a parable of government unaccountability.“ 
Coronavirus: The "quarantine" in the Diamond Princess in Japan is absurd. It’s impossible to carry isolation protocols in a ship; it rather seems a cohort experiment to see how many people get infected. An epidemic is no excuse for undermining elementary rights (photo, CNN). 
Today I met with Director-General of the @WHO @DrTedros to discuss #coronavirus. I extend my sympathies to all those affected. #China is making a strong effort to contain the epidemic. We stand ready to help in any way we can.
A 9-month-old coronavirus patient has been discharged from hospital after recovery in Beijing. 
#COVID19 in Singapore: 54 people are still in hospital and most are "stable and improving" but six of them are in critical condition #coronavirus  
Imagine doctors entering your home to take your temperature - with semi-automatic rifles. This is the reality in #Communist #China. #Coronavirus  …
Earlier this week in UK A confirmed Coronavirus patient took uber to hospital despite advice. Today in Tokyo, There are 8new Coronavirus cases- 7 linked to a taxi driver. Please beware of taxis you take, Especially around major airport areas and routes. Please, just be careful.
Africa Identifies First Case of Coronavirus Disease: Statement by Dr John @JNkengasong, the Director of 
As I was dragging my luggage to the door of my parents’ place in Queens I heard a neighbor loudly explain, “Now I have to deal with this coronavirus shit here now?” What a 
The last of the guests staying at Arrowe Park after returning from China have now left the hospital. Read the latest update from NHS strategic incident director, Professor Keith Willett. #Coronavirus  
Billboards at New York's Times Square express solidarity with China's Wuhan. #coronavirus 
#XiJinping admitted it is he who covered up the #COVID19 #coronavirus epidemic in #China. In a speech he made on Feb 3(full text in Chinese:  ), he said he started overseeing the disease control campaign as early as Jan 7. #習近平 1月7號就知道 
France confirms first coronavirus death in Europe. This is crazy. Why would China seek a patent on this virus? I have my thoughts on the subject and would love to hear yours.  …
Suspected #coronavirus outbreak in China Town, Birmingham 
Africa Identifies First Case of Coronavirus Disease: Statement by the Director of Africa CDC  …
Have you seen the Press Conference from the White House that assures us the WH has serious strategy to battle CORONAVIRUS? NO Because TRUMP stripped the PANDEMIC RESPONSE TEAM out of the Dept of Health! @PressSec  …
Happy #WorldPangolinDay everyone - one of my favourite animals, pangolins are incredibly endangered due to poaching and trafficking for their scales but now that they've been identified as a potential carrier for coronavirus, it's hoped that people will start to leave them alone! 
Virus Outbreak: NHS England has said all but one of the nine patients in the UK who tested positive for the coronavirus have been discharged from the hospital
(China offers to build HS2 in five years and for less money. I think China should gets its own house in order and start telling the truth about Coronavirus.  …
What everyone should understand is that any V-style recovery of #China is very unlikely even in the, itself unlikely, scenario that the #coronavirus would be contained quickly. Just check these terrifying charts by GS and @CapEconomics .  …
so tonight at the Hongdae Line store in Seoul they were taking our temperature at the door bc of the coronavirus outbreak they were taking it quite seriously which is good  – at LINE FRIENDS
Seven patients who have recovered in UK hospitals from Coronavirus have gone home - following Steve Walsh who left hospital on Wednesday. One patient still being treated.
#Beijing has launched a subway passenger flow app. You can see how packed the underground trains are at any location according to a colour code. The frequency of bus/train services has also been increased to thin the spread of the crowd and reduce #coronavirus exposure. #China
The coronavirus is  to the destructive potential of Bernie Sanders. #BernieSanders2020
#Coronavirus has a new name; #COVID19 - but what do we really know about it? #AJStartHere 
UPDATE: Singapore reports 5 new cases of coronavirus  …
Drones register individual vehicles before entering cities to minimize human interaction during the coronavirus outbreak. #coronavirus 
EVEN MORE HILARIOUS is that there is a coronavirus pandemic raging in China, starting to reach the US, but someone told Trump it will warm up and die in April like a microwave hot pocket, so Trump is busy with fart jokes.
(Bloomberg) --A Chinese tourist has died in France, marking the first death outside Asia from the coronavirus, France’s health ministry said. The virus has killed more than 1,500 in China. Japan, Thailand and Malaysia on Saturday confirmed new cases.
Logical to refuse questions—just like @Chinamission2un did when given floor @hrw #UN press conference—when you have no good answers to so many obvious questions ( #coronavirus, #Xinjiang, #Hongkong, @huawei, #LiWenliang, #Tibet, @nba...).  …
I'm more worried about people like this walking amongst us than I am about the coronavirus tbh.  …
Beijing in the time of coronavirus 
Remember that video I posted a few days ago from that a Chinese city which had its streets deserted of human but full of ravens? Turns out that there are more of these videos... #Wuhan #Coronavirus #COVID19 
Dear friends Thank you very much. How are you? Pay attention to personal hygiene and environmental hygiene Build your physical strength Let's respond to coronavirus Do you have a washable gauze mask Don't forget to wash your hands and gargle. 
#coronavirus MAY SPREAD TO #Kashmir FROM POK CPEC AREA--virus may enter India either thru animals or even ppl from PoK area.J&K and other border areas remain most vulnerable, neither #Pakistan nor NEPAL can put blanket ban on Chinese movement there thru land,,are we prepared ?
Chinese woman said:Wuhan #coronavirus exposed the evil face of Chinese gov, the system is corrupted, they’ve been lying, abusing powers & repressing people.This evil has to end, I support independence of #HongKong,Tibet,Uyghurs &others. #China Global Television network is a 
There's so much going on: 1. Unemployment 2. Loadshedding 3. Persecution of black people at the PTA High Court 4. Possiblity of Coronavirus 5. De Klerk utterances 6. High cost of living Will we,black people, ever get to the point where we organize ourselves to get our land bank
I get to be on @AliVelshi's brand new show this morning! We'll be talking about coronavirus, the hucksters and ideologues spreading conspiracies and lies, and where you can go for reliable information.  …
More than 1,700 medical workers have been infected by the #coronavirus, and some say it's "too high a price" to pay.  #Covid19 
60,000 cases of #coronavirus and everyone wants to wear a surgical mask 30million cases of AIDS and Still not everyone wants to wear a condom 
Why mother telling me the only way to protect myself from coronavirus is to eat rice and curry
The World Health Organization hosted a meeting at Facebook with some of the largest  to discuss how to tamp down on misinformation about the coronavirus. About a dozen  attended, including Google, Amazon and YouTube.  …
Ok. Who just now heard the #TotalDefence sirens and panicked, thinking it was some kind of #covid19 #coronavirus alert? It’s to mark the time when the British surrendered to Japanese forces on the same day, in 1942. #NeverForget
#UPDATE The death toll from the new #coronavirus outbreak jumped past 1,500 in China on Saturday as France reported the first fatality outside Asia, fuelling global concerns about the epidemic  
Unity and determination is needed to fight #COVID19, the coronavirus, said @WHO chief @DrTedros on  …
France reports first coronavirus death outside Asia 
NEW: Japanese woman diagnosed with coronavirus after returning from Hawaii; her husband had also tested positive  …
Online classes in China due to #coronavirus lockdown means you can just relax 
Chinese Communist Party Officials = Bandits #coronavirus #wuhan #肺炎 
Retweet till @shattawalegh sees this #Trending #coronavirus 
Americans aboard the quarantined cruise ship in Japan will be evacuated to the U.S. The passengers will be tested again for coronavirus and screened for symptoms before boarding their flight home. 
Pandemic, epidemic, isolation, quarantine, animal-human interface: When  to the coronavirus, there are certain phrases and words that keep popping up in the news. Here's a breakdown of what they mean 
A @CSIRO team led by Indian scientist Professor S.S. Vasan has grown the first batch of Coronavirus outside #China in sufficient stocks – a key step in developing a new vaccine.  …
ANNOUNCEMENT CARATs! One of our admins started this project to help European Carats! Let's all help each other and let Pledis know that we want a reschedule as soon as Coronavirus calms down.  …
#Coronavirus patients display optimism through dancing 
Another 67 people test positive for coronavirus on cruise ship in Japan  
PODCAST On this week's #BBCSportshour with @carolinebarker: What is next for @ManCity? Folau fallout - We hear from @KeeganHirst All-star sparkle How is the #coronavirus affecting sport? @T20WorldCup  
BREAKING: France Announces First Coronavirus Death in Europe “I was informed last night of the death of an 80-year-old patient who had been hospitalized … since Jan. 25.” - French Health Minister Agnes Buzyn  …
Suspicions arise about China’s data on Coronavirus deaths. The fatality rate has remained suspiciously constant, leading one quantitative finance expert to say the rate “would make me think that someone is simulating data. It would mean you already know what is going to happen.”  …
Wandering ship  'best cruise ever' despite coronavirus fears  
We appreciate all of the feedback we have gotten about the BNO tracker, and your tips about new cases! Some people have found great ways to use our data. For example, the Ministry of Health in Vietnam uses the BNO tracker for situation reports about coronavirus. 
Missing Chinese citizen journalists highlight risks of telling Wuhan’s story during coronavirus outbreak  …
France Confirms First Coronavirus Death Outside Asia  
An elderly Chinese man has died from coronavirus, the first fatality in Europe 
Real Madrid wishes to express its full support for all of the people affected by the coronavirus. 
Still under quarantine aboard Diamond Princess in Japan, Hong Kong dentist Dr Lam Kwing-tong and his wife are choosing to survive on cup noodles and bottled water as a precaution against being infected. #coronavirus 
The United States is to evacuate its citizens from the Diamond Princess but the UK government has not said whether it will do the same for the 78 Britons on board #coronavirus More here:  
Listen, do you hear these alerts from nature?  - The Amazon rainforest fire – deforestation - The Australia bushfires – climate change - The coronavirus outbreak – wildlife trafficking 
"This sudden outbreak reminds us once again that we live in a time when traditional and non-traditional security issues are intertwined, when local issues easily go global." – Wang Yi, Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Affairs Minister, on #coronavirus. #COVID19 
I hope these people don’t have it & that it doesn’t spread. TRAVIS AIR FORCE BASE, Calif.—The U.S. government is preparing to evacuate American citizens from aboard the Diamond Princess cruise ship. quarantined for coronavirus  …
This is what people think about the threat of COVID-19 coronavirus  #China #coronavirus 
[BREAKING] Coronavirus: Five travellers from China test negative – NCDC 
8 months ago, on 15/6/2019, #HKProtester Marco Leung aka Raincoat Man fell in protest vs #ExtraditionBill & called for assistance. 2mil marched on! Now, we are facing #Coronavirus, but Leung’s spirit lives on. We WILL NOT STOP until we can elect our leaders democratically 
Online grocery stores have struggled to be a viable business in China. But there is a rise in demand now as the coronavirus outbreak has confined millions to their homes  
France reported the first coronavirus death outside Asia, an 80-year-old Chinese tourist who died in Paris on Friday 
Coronavirus finally hits Africa. Egypt reported her first case.
French health minister says recently arrived Chinese tourist from Hubei had lung infection caused by coronavirus; 80-year-old man had been hospitalized under strict isolation since Jan. 25
Spoke with one of top global experts of infectious disease attending @MunSecConf. Said his present model of Coronavirus expects: Bad news: 800,000 total cases and Good news: No major jump/breakout to another country.
Chinese FM Wang Yi mouths countless platitudes about Beijing's response to the coronavirus with no hint that it's suppressing independent reporting that contradicts the Party line including the Wuhan doctor who tried to give us early warning but was stopped. 
In shaky mobile phone footage Fang Bin captured unfiltered images from inside Wuhan, the city hit hardest by coronavirus “One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight,” he said, counting the corpses inside a minivan parked outside a hospital  …
First #coronavirus death in Europe in Paris. French officials say patient 80-year-old man, Chinese tourist, native of #Hubei Province (outbreak epicenter). His daughter also hospitalized due to infection. She is expected to be discharged shortly. #China
"Paper money in China will be withdrawn from circulation to be disinfected, as was decided by the Chinese central bank. Through bank notes the coronavirus can spread."  …
NEW: The French health minister has announced the first coronavirus death in Europe. 
The person who died in #France is said to be an 80-year-old woman from #Hubei Province who was travelling in #Paris as a tourist. #coronavirus #China #covid19
The government is making every effort to tackle the COVID-19 by taking various countermeasures. Here are some advice to protect yourself and others from the novel coronavirus:  …
Wang Yi starts his speech at #MSC20 by stating that under the leadership of Xi Jinping 1,4 bn Chinese fight coronavirus crisis as one. Says that Beijing's crisis management demonstrates the superiority of China's governance system. - Do 1,4 bn  share this view? 
BREAKING: French health minister announces first death of a coronavirus patient in Europe. 
China is using its centuries-old traditional medicine on patients affected by the coronavirus disease, a top health official said 
People are more worried about the coronavirus than the rape epidemic happening in Fiji
The #Tokyo Olympics is facing a huge threat from the #coronavirus. The disease already seems to be spreading in #Japan by itself. Let’s see how many infections there in say 6 weeks. Unless the events are to be in empty stadiums surely there are secret contingency  …
There is a POSITIVE arising from the #Coronavirus pandemic, and it’s that the whole world has seen what life would be like for them under a totalitarian/socialist regime. It’s a BRUTAL reminder that we NEVER want to go there! #Agenda21 #UNexit #auspol 
#China admits it has no idea how many people in Wuhan have been exposed to #coronavirus as officials hunt for patients door to door An expert warned the number of cases could be up to 25 times the official total  …
A Chinese tourist in France has died,  the first person to die from the novel coronavirus in Europe. Follow live updates  
BREAKING: Two suspected #coronavirus cases in #Nigeria test negative  … via @thecableng
The coronavirus has now infected more than 67,000 people globally, the vast majority in mainland China. The death toll is over 1,520 with four people outside China. First death in Europe: A Chinese tourist who tested positive for the virus died in France 
First #Coronavirus death in #France, apparently a tourist from #China. First #Europe death.  with 67 more infections on board the ship in #Japan (now 285 cases in total). In Japan also now new cases amongst people with no China connection so spreading there by itself.
This is what #coronavirus, named #COVID19 looks like. Number of infected (officially) has now exceeded 65K people, predominantly in China, however first death in France and first case in Africa, both reported 
#UPDATE An 80-year-old Chinese tourist has died from the new #coronavirus in France, the first death confirmed outside Asia, French Health Minister Agnes Buzyn said on Saturday 
BREAKING: France reports first death in Europe from coronavirus  
#BREAKING: The first novel #coronavirus fatality was confirmed in Europe and outside Asia, as #France announced the death of a Chinese tourist. 
In @rachel_cheung1 's second piece, a solo byline, she writes about a topic she knows intimately -- protest art -- and how its morphed in a time of coronavirus. The enemy remains the same: the Hong Kong government  …
Breaking News: France announced the first coronavirus death outside Asia. An 80-year-old Chinese tourist died at a hospital in Paris on Friday. 
Updated curve fit of #coronavirus. Something strange is going on. A week ago, the infections curve seemed to flatten towards the typical S-shape of a contained outbreak. Data of the past two days are back on the projected curve. We'll exceed 100k next week if this continues. 
Lol at the economist who proposes that we deliberately infect people with coronavirus  very concerned that people are being “rude and disrespectful” when they disagree with this proposal. 
Thanks to Coronavirus, people realized the importance of eating HALAAL food. How many of you being not Muslim eat Halal food? 
French Health Minister confirms a Chinese tourist in France has died of coronavirus which is the first fatality in Europe (Sky)
A Chinese tourist has died in France after contracting the new coronavirus - the first fatality from the disease outside Asia  …
JUST IN: France announces first #Coronavirus death outside Asia. #COVID19 | via 
BREAKING - Chinese tourist dies in France in first coronavirus death outside Asia  
JUST IN: France announces first #coronavirus death outside Asia | via 
BREAKING: France reports 1st death from coronavirus, first in Europe - BFM TV  …
#Coronavirus fight: Disinfection robots are employed in hospitals in Qingdao, China 
Good news! After 13 days of treatment in Guizhou’s hospital, a 67-day old baby suffering from severe novel #coronavirus pneumonia has recovered and was discharged from the hospital on Feb 15. This is the youngest patient to be cured and discharged in China on record. 
And now for the part they *dont* show you. That hospital they built in record time in Wuhan? Yeah. It’s flooded. #wuhan #china #coronavirus 
How can YG not see how dangerous this is! @ygent_official @ygofficialblink “It’s not clear (Unknown) how they were infected” Tracking CoronaVirus: Map, Data, Timeline>>   …
These are the images of the deadly novel coronavirus released by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases in the U.S. This is what you need to know about the spreading coronavirus that's killed more than 1,300 in China  
How does #coronavirus spread and how can you protect yourself?  
Coronavirus: Hundreds march in Hong Kong against plans for quarantine centres as China border remains partially open 
Multiple newspapers wrongly claimed that satellite images showed high levels of sulphur dioxide in Wuhan, possibly indicating mass burning of bodies due to coronavirus. But they're not satellite images, and they don't show real levels of sulphur dioxide.  …
A 16-year-old boy in California's San Fernando Valley was physically attacked this week by bullies in his high school who accused him of having the coronavirus — simply because he is Asian American  
Hong Kong's Disneyland is letting the government use some of its land to quarantine people and stop the coronavirus spreading  …
The death of the doctor who warned of the risks of the coronavirus and was reprimanded by Chinese authorities is the greatest threat to President Xi yet  via @BW
#BREAKING 67 more coronavirus cases on #DiamondPrincess cruise ship: Japan 
Arteta on coronavirus threat: “We have great doctors here & people who are looking after our health. They have been putting a plan together to try & keep everybody in safe hands & we have some protocols that we have to respect within the training ground” #Arsenal
VIDEO: The power that a little red armband can bring in Chairman Xi’s #China. Communist Party cadres seen here beating and punching villagers.  #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus #CCP #PRC #Wuhan
Hong Kong Coronavirus Expert Warns Outbreak Could Infect "Between 60%-80%" Of Humanity, Causing 51 Million Deaths 
Whistleblower China Hospital Nurse Goes On Camera - There are HUNDREDS OF THOUSAND OF PATIENTS. A nurse says the number of patients are 10 times higher than reported and face very high risks taking mouthswaps all day, fully exposed to #coronavirus. 
Embassy of India in Japan: Happy to inform that health conditions of 3 Indians being treated for COVID-19 have improved and no new cases of infection of Indians on the ship. #Coronavirus
Late to this, but great work from @jason_om & @abc730 with some straight facts on #coronavirus. In short: no need for panic in Australia  …
Coronavirus: Hundreds march in Hong Kong against plans for quarantine centres as China border remains partially open  …
The #Coronavirus seems spreading quickly in Japan. New cases in Tokyo, Aichi, Hokkaido & Okinawa on Friday. *Can yg please cancel or postpone blackpink’s concert in Fukuoka? I’m really concerned for their safety. @ygofficialblink @ygent_official  …
67 new cases of #coronavirus have been confirmed onboard the #DiamondPrincess cruise, 38 of them didn't develop any symptoms, said Japanese Ministry of Health officials. This brings the total of infected on the ship to 
Dinesh Thakkar,father of Sonali Thakkar,Indian security officer onboard quarantined Diamond Princess ship: I request govt to deport my daughter from the ship. She has tested negative for coronavirus. Govt of Japan is doing its best, but all non-infected Indians should be deported 
BREAKING: 8 new cases of coronavirus in Japan
BREAKING: Tokyo reports 8 new cases of coronavirus, at least 7 linked to taxi driver - NHK  …
Which 400,000 of us are gonna be pissed off with our government for not taking #CoronaVirus seriously by allowing 100 flights a day from China to continue whilst other countries stopped them?  …
These are the images of the deadly novel coronavirus released by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases in the U.S. This is what you need to know about the spreading coronavirus that's killed more than 1,300 in China  
#HongKongPolice attack the press. Things like that happens everyday in #HongKong still, even during #coronavirus outbreak! @RepMcGovern @SolomonYue @HawleyMO @benedictrogers @bobseely @lukedepulford #HongKongProtests #hkpolicebrutality #StandWithHongKong 
[] EMAIL PLEDIS ENT USING THIS SAMPLE EMAIL [] Let's hope that they're gonna reaschedule our dates as soon as this sanitary emergency of Coronavirus is stabilized. Thank you for participating.  …
An article by President #XiJinping on the prevention and control of the pneumonia epidemic caused by the novel #coronavirus will be published Sunday on Qiushi Journal, a flagship magazine of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee.  
2/ Rule of law, free flow of information, checks & balances  & give way to Xi’s Chinese Dream. The Wuhan Coronavirus outbreak precisely explain this argument. HK, given its proximity to mainland China, is highly prone to infection and spread of disease. 
Since the beginning of #COVID19 outbreak, the protocol in Nigeria is to TEST returning travellers from China with symptoms So far, five people have been tested. Results were NEGATIVE These are NOT ‘coronavirus cases’ as described in this media article  …
When race warrior Tim Soutphommasane calls people racist for avoiding Chinese restaurants & coronavirus, who is he calling racist? Muslims? Aboriginals? Islanders? Vietnamese Australians? African Australians? Chinese? Of course not. That would be racist.
Hundreds of protesters marched in #HongKong against government plans to potentially turn some buildings into #coronavirus quarantine centers, demanding full closure of the mainland China border.  …
The death toll from China's new coronavirus epidemic jumps past 1,500 as Beijing orders people returning to the capital from holiday to self-quarantine for 14 days in another drastic effort to contain the outbreak  
LATEST on #CoronaVirus: • The U.S, will evacuate American citizens on board the Diamond Princess cruise ship in Japan. • Death toll in China has exceeded 1,500, more than 67,000 cases globally. • Egypt reported Africa's first confirmed case of the virus.
 are adjusting their work patterns and production structures to strengthen their "immunity" against the #coronavirus outbreak 
Italy risks missing its already unambitious growth targets for 2020 because of the coronavirus outbreak, official says 
According to #China’s transport ministry there are still 100s of millions of workers & students due to return to #China’s cities after the extended Lunar New Year break. Obviously there are concerns that an increased mass movement of people could spread the #coronavirus. #covid19
BREAKING: 67 new cases of coronavirus on cruise ship near Tokyo, raising ship's total to 285 - Kyodo  …
Chinese gymnasts pull out of World Cup in Australia due to coronavirus travel ban  
Coronavirus latest: - The U.S, will evacuate American citizens on board the Diamond Princess cruise ship in Japan - Death toll in China has exceeded 1,500, more than 67,000 cases globally - Egypt reported Africa's first confirmed case of the virus  
Chinese military medics have taken over another hospital treating #coronavirus patients in Wuhan 
So convenient that HKers can use same small talk for 2020 #coronavirus as we did for 2019 protests: “Can’t believe it would last this long!” “When will life get back to normal?” “I just don’t feel safe going out on the streets anymore.” “I wish the govt would just do something!”
Tokyo Olympic organisers hold a dummy run for the torch relay as fears over the #coronavirus epidemic continue to cast a dark shadow over preparations for this summer's Games  
China is disinfecting and isolating used banknotes as part of efforts to stop the spread of the new coronavirus  
Wandering ship  'best cruise ever' despite coronavirus fears  
More than 1,700 medical workers have been infected by the #coronavirus, and some say it's "too high a price" to pay.  #Covid19 
Protests continue against #HK govt plans for coronavirus clinics, today in Tai Po, Aberdeen, Kennedy Town & Tin Shui Wai. In TSW, police declared the assembly unlawful, attacked w pepper spray & arrested several.  …
everybody’s worried about coronavirus & look: 14k dead from the flu.. IN THE U.S. WASH YOUR STANKY ASS HANDS  …
A Buddhist monk wearing a protective mask attends a mass prayer for the victims of coronavirus, at Boudhha stupa in Kathmandu, Nepal, 15 February 2020. The event was organized by the famous Chokyi Nyima Rinpoche of Ka-Nying Monastery. EPA/Narendra Shrestha 
One case of #Coronavirus confirmed in Egypt. First on the Continent. Here are some tips from @WHO on how to be more 
Saturday News Update: Egypt Records First Coronavirus Case In Africa Our #TwoMinutes gives you a rundown of the most important news for the day. Don't forget to subscribe:  #latestnews #newsupdate #ChannelsTV 
Egypt has confirmed first novel #coronavirus case and taken all preventive measures in cooperation with WHO: health ministry "A foreign person has tested positive for the coronavirus ... The case is stable and did not show any symptoms."  
the 7days bulit propaganda hospital in #wuhan shows its true color now. after all its Made in Chian by Chinese Gov #WuhanCoronavirus #coronavirus 
A top infectious-disease scientist warns that two-thirds of the world’s population could get infected with the coronavirus 
UPDATE: Coronavirus has claimed the life of another health care worker in China. A 59-year-old nurse has died, according to Wuhan Wuchang Hospital.  …
Africa confirms first coronavirus case in Egypt. #GhanaLive #WeAreLive
She says: #Wuhan #coronavirus exposed the evil face of #Chinese government, the system is corrupted, they’ve been lying, abusing powers & repressing people. This evil has to be end, I support separation of #HK, #Tibet, #Uyghurs & others, it’s not separation, it is 
Global stock rallied further this week, gained $600bn in mkt cap, as investors continued to shrug off coronavirus topic. Econ data – which were mostly on softer side (US IP, Retail sales, EZ IP, EZ Q4 GDP) have also been dismissed. Total mkt cap $88tn, equal to 102% of global GDP 
MEDIA BLACKOUT - Silence From Hard-Left @RutgersU! Rutgers University Professor, Mohammad Abbasi, preached the coronavirus Is divine retribution for China’s so-called treatment of Uyghur Muslims... "It Is the Least the Chinese Should Suffer, May Allah Punish Them Further" 
When the whole family can’t get out of the house due to #coronavirus lockdown 
China’s air, rail and road travel market got slammed during the peak Lunar New Year season as fears about the spreading coronavirus prompted people to abandon trips 
The CORONAVIRUS has finally arrived in Africa. Egypt confirms its first case as the death toll stands at 1017 in China. We cannot fight crawling insects and a running nose... it's going to be sweaty for Africa.
Coronavirus researchers are using high-tech methods to predict where the virus might go next 
It is sad to still read “NHS managers” being critiqued in the same tone as bankers or estate agents. A great number of my colleagues have been working non stop from front line to system and national roles for patients on 2019-nCoV (Novel Coronavirus) making a real difference
A 67-day-old baby, infected with the novel #coronavirus, along with three other patients, were discharged from hospital Saturday in southwest China's Guizhou Province. #COVID19  
After being quarantined at home for 2 weeks, this guy dances around with excitement for the isolation is finally over. #coronavirus 
To protect themselves from the novel #coronavirus, some in China are wearing creative and entertaining costumes when they venture outside. 
Fake the Coronavirus and say you’re being quarantined. 
I think my firm is going to begin taking large short positions on American publicly  that have a reliance on Chinese manufacturing. If the coronavirus situation doesnt resolve in 2-3 weeks, we will soon be past the “tipping point”, bc many co’s can’t import goods
Did u know the dead toll from #Coronavirus after 1month now is equal to the number of people who were killed in JUST 3DAYS by the regime of Iran in Nov 2019? Do u know approximately 7,000ppl have been arrested & r being tortured in Iran's prisons now? #IranProtests  …
A one-man production line amid #coronavirus outbreak 
Banks in China are using ultraviolet light or high temperatures to disinfect banknotes, then locking them away for seven to 14 days before recirculating them as part of efforts to stop the spread of the #coronavirus  
A coronavirus-infected woman gives birth to a baby in Jiangxi, China. 
The MIT scientist Todd Rider who developed DRACO, or gene-silencing utilizing siRNA to induce apoptosis of double stranded RNA viruses (like coronavirus) couldn’t get the funding after DARPA and the project ultimately died. Might be time to finally fund this guy. 
Nothing like a good Coronavirus to stop the Hong Kong riots something the government and police couldn’t do funny that what a coincidence
BREAKING: Egypt has announced its first case of novel coronavirus. This is the first confirmed case in Africa | via CNN 
Talk about world peace, global warming, Nigerian politics, coronavirus outbreak, sports or some business. Won fi sex se e ni?  …
Every manufacturer  work with in China is closed due to coronavirus & we cant get the  we need to make our products. We cant restock items & are set to lose well over $100k+. Im assuming other global traders will be impacted significantly as well
Wandering ship  'best cruise ever' despite coronavirus fears  
It's getting serious now... #China #coronavirus Via  …
Coronavirus outbreak may hit 28% Indian imports from China  
Xi Hua, Hunan Provence, while nobody allowed to go out from their doors, local governments organized a mass funeral ceremony for an “important figure”. This could gives opportunity for spreading #coronavirus more widely and rapidly. I think the #CCP is more deadly than the 
UPDATE: First case of Coronavirus Infection (COVID-19) in Africa confirmed in Egypt. Here is a thread of basic information you need to have especially now that it is a little 'too close  [Issued by the MoH and GHS] Please read, retweet, and read again.
China is using its centuries-old traditional medicine on patients affected by the coronavirus disease, a top health official said 
The new coronavirus has restricted millions of Chinese people to their homes and towns, and now old bank notes are being quarantined. - it‘s just a flu.
UPDATE: Doctor's wife and another patient at the hospital also diagnosed with coronavirus   …
#coronavirus confirmed cases per country 
Coronavirus: Man runs ultra-marathon in apartment as China fights virus with exercise  …
Breaking News: The U.S. will evacuate Americans from a cruise ship that has been quarantined in Japan for over a week because of coronavirus fears. 
Live: Latest progress on anti-coronavirus drug research and development #Coronavirus  …
Given the sheer scale of the coronavirus outbreak, this should be a time when governments share data and coordinate a response. But for the U.S. and China, cooperation has proved elusive so far. 
Here’s the latest that you need to know about the new coronavirus 
Exclusive: Nigel Dixon, a British actor and the official acting double for Mr. Bean, tells about his life in #Wuhan during #coronavirus outbreak  
AI robots busy in China's fight against novel coronavirus  
Catch me live in a minutes on @BBCWorld talking about life in Beijing & what’s wrong with the coronavirus stats, for which I hastily changed out of my pyjamas after realising it was TV and not the World Service radio: in itself probably the best demo of life under coronavirus
With the China death toll now standing at 1523 due to the coronavirus & the total confirmed cases stands at 66,400 a vaccine is being developed by five large  & hopefully ready for use by next November at Trump speed testing. 150 million doses are being developed 
Taxi driver is taking precautions #coronavirus 
Meet Zhong Nanshan, a #PKU alumnus and a renowned respiratory expert who leads an official panel advising on controlling the #coronavirus! #COVID #Wuhan
#EchesaExposed is a mere ploy by desperate Kieleweke goons to frustrate Ruto. It's only people associated with Ruto who are corrupt. DCI mentions DPs office to catch public attention but once in court the story changes. Depoliticise! Fight against corruption in Kenya. #coronavirus 
Don't panic – Hong Kong has more than sufficient rice to meet its demands. The shelves just can't be replenished as quickly.  #coronavirus 
Have you even MET your PARENTS?! If your mother is Drunk Grandma of Death & dad is Bill “the Rape King” Clinton? This is a conversation you should avoid like the Coronavirus. Maybe y’all stick to 101 Tips on how to raise Campaign Funds from Foreign Countries. More your speed
Open letters “Chinese academy’s strongest challenge” to Xi: professors ride a wave of “public anger” over coronavirus outbreak in airing anti-government views  
China sends 217 medical teams with 25,633 medics to Hubei, center of the novel coronavirus outbreak, to  the #COVID-19 as of Friday  
"You are the first FM who sent sympathies to the Chinese people since the outbreak of the novel #coronavirus, which fully reflects the profound friendship between the people of the two countries," Wang tells Iranian FM  
Hand dryers won't kill the coronavirus and nor will UV lamps: World Health Organization debunk 13 of the biggest myths surrounding the outbreak 
@ForeignOfficePk has established hotline to facilitate parents/guardians of Pakistani students  members effected by Coronavirus in Wuhan. Syed Qalb-e-Abbas Dy Director (China-II) +92-51-9223643 (9am to 5pm) 0321-5810471 (WhatsApp) Email: qalabi.shah@gmail.com 1/2
This is how the novel #coronavirus that has claimed over 1,500 lives in #China looks like under the scanning and transmission electron #microscope (Source: NIAID's Rocky Mountain Laboratories) Chinese scientists also revealed a image of the virus in January 
What’s happening in God’s name in China. For God’s Sake, let the world came together to fight this and don’t let this  reason for doom. #CoronaVirus #corona 
New post This Is Why Coronavirus Could Be 'The Stuff Of Nightmares': Yale Study ... has been published on SGT ... -  
IBM withdraws from RSA conference over coronavirus fears  
Vendors in Beijing find a new way to sell steamed bread and avoid unnecessary contact with their customers. #coronavirus 
Investors will soon get evidence of how European economies may have been impacted by the coronavirus 
Chinese gymnasts pull out of World Cup in Australia due to coronavirus travel ban  
#Coronavirus can stay infectious on surfaces for up to 9 days, says report Like all droplet infections, the coronavirus can spread via hands and surfaces that are frequently touched "Low temperature and high air humidity further increase their lifespan"  …
Egypt's health ministry on Friday announced the first confirmed case of the novel coronavirus in Africa. Meanwhile the infected person is not an Egyptian but a Chinese. The only thing we have in Nigeria is to PRAY o. We can't trust people who cannot contain Lassa fever,
Latest developments on #coronavirus outbreak in China: - The overall confirmed cases on the Chinese mainland hit 63,851 - Wuhan: traditional Chinese medicine will be used in treatment - 1,716 medical staff had been infected #Xinhuafactbox  
Doctors and nurses are treating patients with #Coronavirus without having adequate gear- masks/goggles/gowns/shoe protection. There. I solved it for the WHO team.  …
Right-wing nutjob, grifter, Pastor Hank Kunneman: “God Will Protect the U.S. From the Coronavirus Because of Trump” We seriously live in hell. Jesus fcking Christ.  …
NEW: #Beijing placed on Wartime Status (Martial Law) The Party Committee of #Beijing Center for Disease Control & Prevention issues a wartime state order to contain the #coronavirus outbreak 21 million people placed on full MARTIAL LAW  …
The frontline of fighting coronavirus isn't just at hospitals. China has dumped all matter of responsibility on low-level government representatives -- less than a dozen admins might oversee thousands of residents. “We’re not doctors," said one.  …
Ballet dancers from Lithuanian National Opera and Ballet Theatre express their support and blessings to China in fighting the #novel coronavirus epidemic. 
Here's what coronavirus looks like under a microscope 
The coronavirus outbreak has raised new worries about prejudices against those with Chinese ancestry 
While most other diplomats in Wuhan have left the city following the coronavirus outbreak, Olivier Guyonvarch, consul general for France in Wuhan, decided to stay with his colleagues. His consulate is the only one in the city that remains open.  
Kejriwal owes his victory to MK Formula – the Coronavirus of Democracy! - PGurus. Interesting and very true  …
US actor Vin Diesel posts a video to cheer Chinese people in the fight against the novel #coronavirus pneumonia. "To my brothers and sisters in China: Go, China! We're all in this together.” 
New #coronavirus fatalities push China's death toll above 1,500 people  | 
#Beijing reports one more death of #coronavirus on Feb 14, bringing the death toll to four. Total number of confirmed cases in the capital reached 375 on Feb 14. On Friday, the city issued a 14-day-quarantine for all arriving in Beijing (CGTN photo) 
2nd doctor in Wakayama has new coronavirus  …
This pastor says God is sparing the U.S. from coronavirus because of the Trump administration 
67,000+ cases, 1,500+ deaths from the #coronavirus globally - most cases in #China. 3 weeks ago, there were 50+ deaths
 every “hospital” they’re setting up in China for the #CoronaVirus never has any medical equipment in it?
In visit to Chinese embassy, @DiazCanelB reiterated #Cuba's support & solidarity with brother people of #China, affected by coronavirus Covid-19. He emphasized effective response by gov. of China to that difficult situation & his strong belief that they'll win battle vs. epidemic 
To our brave bear team in China, thank you for looking after the beautiful #moonbears during the #Coronavirus crisis. Like a #BearInTheWindow, we are here looking out for you and the people of China, until the crisis ends. @AnimalsAsia #CrisisActionFund  
WHO says joint China mission to start coronavirus probe this weekend  
A video widely circulated on Chinese social media alleges that people are spitting in public in a bid to spread the coronavirus in the affected country. #coronavirus 
China says Pakistan among 33 countries which provided medical supplies to fight the coronavirus epidemic in the country  …
Egypt confirms first coronavirus case  …
Help protect yourself and loved ones from #coronavirus. Wash hands frequently with soap and water. Avoid close contact with anyone with a fever or cough. Seek medical care early if you have a cough, fever or difficulty breathing. 
World leading Expert on Coronavirus Dr Neil Ferguson: 60% WORLD population U.K 400,000 deaths in 12 months. Trust experts: government concern ONLY at population level Put YOU + FAMILY first. Please Inform #coronavirus #coronavirususa 
It’s by design. Media wants to make hay from the most sensational stories abt #coronavirus and China. More crackpots the merrier  …
Chinese gymnasts pull out of World Cup in Australia due to coronavirus travel ban  
WHAT DO YOU THINK THE POSSIBLITY IS THAT CHINA RELEASED THE CORONAVIRUS ON ITS OWN PEOPLE DURING THE RIOTS THEY WERE HAVING IN THE STREETS? I don't see any more rioting.
Russian Disinformation Takes on Coronavirus,Pointing a Finger at the USA. They’re getting better at this kind of deception/manipulation to the point many struggle to tell the difference. It’s like a new form of the wilderness of mirrors. Democracies beware  …
The Coronavirus could affect consumers around the world by causing product shortages or increased prices on goods produced in China. A world wide recession is possible. Coronavirus Brings About Another Issue For Retailers: Delayed Production  …
Wandering ship  'best cruise ever' despite coronavirus fears  
Is anyone paying attention to this? 5 million evacuated from a city of 8 million. This guy is saying the government killed them.!!! CORONA UNMASKED: Chinese Intelligence Officer Reveals True Magnitude of China’s Fake “Coronavirus” Crisis  …
China is using its centuries-old traditional medicine on patients affected by the coronavirus disease, a top health official said 
China sees 2,641 new coronavirus cases, 143 deaths, as it struggles to slow spread  
Coronavirus is fuckin people up  …
Cases elsewhere in @WHO Western Pacific Region: Singapore 67 Japan 40 incl 1 death Rep of Korea 28 Malaysia 19 Viet Nam 16 Australia 15 Philippines 3 incl 1 death Cambodia 1 Ship in Japan territorial waters 218 #COVID19 #coronavirus
Egypt has  the first country in Africa to confirm a case of the deadly coronavirus while the Kingdom of eSwatini has recorded its first suspected case of the virus in a woman who arrived from China in South Africa and then crossed into eSwatini. #sabcnews
FIRST ELECTRON MICROSCOPE IMAGES OF THE NOVEL CORONAVIRUS Taken by Rocky Mountain Laboratories, Hamilton, Montana. Shared by National Institute of Allergy & Infectious Diseases, United States. 2019nCoV has infected 65K and killed 1500 in China in 3 weeks. 
Amid coronavirus fears, a second wave of flu hits U.S. kids  …
Due to coronavirus, millions across Asia are participating in what may be the world's biggest work-from-home experiment. For some, it's a nightmare. But it's been so well received in some sectors that employers are considering adopting it more permanently. 
What a reporter @amyyqin is. She puts her life at risk to report on the coronavirus.  …
As the coronavirus continues to spread, scientists are getting a better idea of how it affects people.  …
The death toll due to the #coronavirus outbreak has surpassed that of the SARS epidemic. For the latest developments around the outbreak, follow our liveblog:  
Imprisoned at home for too long, I am going nuts. Wish I could get back to GF3 asap :) #coronavirus #TESLA $TSLA
The number of people infected by Coronavirus is doubling every seven days. If that continues we'll have a million cases by this time next month. And yet the market is putting in new all-time highs. Things that make you go hmmm
I WAS WONDERING HOW THEY KNOCKED HER OUT. COULD IT BE THEY KILLED HER? SHARE: Woman‘s neck broken by Chinese Police after refusing a random forced confinement amid Coronavirus Outbreak in China. #Coronavirus  … via CitizenFour2020 03 #FridayThoughts
Hope all the preventive & timely measures taken by our Union Government & all the State Governments are effectively implemented to deal with the deadly #coronavirus threat in India. (Below was the response by the @MoHFW_INDIA to my question raised in Rajya Sabha on Corona virus) 
Beijing orders 14-day coronavirus quarantine for everyone arriving in the city 
#HiddenTruth_Of_Bible Where in the Holy book it is prohibited to eat meat. Then why is human society eating meat Stop Killing Animals for the taste of your tongue. Stop Eating Meat #HiddenTruth_Of_Bible #coronavirus 
Protect children from #coronavirus with these tips: Ensure they wash hands frequently w/soap & water for +20 seconds Keep them away from anyone coughing or sneezing ‍‍ Consult the doctor if they develop a fever or flu-like symptoms v/ 
I suppose it was inevitable, but now it's verified: Overheard two TDS types in the grocery store saying the coronavirus is Trump's fault. He probably even had it engineered. As usual, his evil motive was vague. Harder every day to muster up faith in some of my fellow humans.
Coronavirus is definitely affecting the quality of life here. I no longer feel safe eating spicy bat-head unless I prepare it myself.
I feel like novel coronavirus as a pretense for novel yellow peril in the U.S. is just like the new season of racism like it’s not enough for White ppl to /be/ racist but it’s gotta be continually updated for the times almost purely for the entertainment purposes of White ppl
Coronavirus spreads to Egypt as country confirms Africa's first case 
#day11 #coronavirus #diamondprincesscruise my son drawing got on front page of @japantimes. Thank you @guchagucha for choosing his pic, he is so happy today and scream! 
CDC: Our model shows "mitigation" measures may be needed to "blunt the curve" of #CoronaVirus spread. School Closures Ban Mass Gatherings TeleMedicine TeleSchool TeleWorking Social Distancing #CoronavirusOutbreak #COVID19 #CoronaVirusUSA  
Exclusive: Senior China diplomat concedes challenge of coronavirus, slams 'overreaction'  
New: US will evacuate ~400 Americans from beleaguered “coronavirus cruise,” @adamcancryn and I report, confirming WSJ scoop. But there’s internal dissension over decision, with CDC and State Dept not aligned on whether quarantine even failed.  
Senator Victor Oh and I visited a couple of grocery stores to encourage our neighbours to shop at their local Chinese restaurants and stores. The risks of coronavirus in Canada remains low. Canadians should be aware of misinformation and rely on credible sources  – at Oceans Fresh Food Market 龍翔超級市場
#Coronavirus Update: - 67,079 cases worldwide - 10,109 suspected cases - 1,525 fatalities - 10,757 in serious/critical condition 
After offering himself as a prop in a Khomeinist public relations stunt - a foreign leader bowing and scraping before FM Javad Zarif, on IRIB TV - Champagne is put to use by Beijing in a celebrity endorsement of the CCP's catastrophic mishandling of the coronavirus outbreak.  …
#breaking The U.S. government is preparing to evacuate Americans aboard the Diamond Princess, the cruise ship currently docked in Yokohama, Japan under quarantine for coronavirus, according to the Wall Street Journal.  – at Port of Yokohama
The cure to coronavirus is Indonesians  …
Hongkongers’ prejudice and mainlanders: there’s more to it than politics and the virus  … #HongKong #China #coronavirus #ChinaCoronaVirus #CoronavirusOutbreak
Coronavirus: "This virus... concerns me the most of everything I've worked on." A scientist at the forefront of researching the coronavirus says it could "potentially" spread to 60% of the population. #Coronavirus #COVID19 #CoronavirusOutbreak  …
What would you do if you had to work from home for a month because of the #CoronavirusOutbreak? Here's the @QuickTake Asia team's WFH #coronavirus diary. We're not going stir crazy, we promise 
Egypt confirms #coronavirus case, the first in Africa. The patient is in stable condition, Egypt's Ministry of Health and Population said on Friday. 
Coronavirus death toll in China reaches 1,523, confirmed cases over 66,000 Read @ANI Story |  
Egypt confirms coronavirus case, the first in Africa  …
A new case of the novel #coronavirus ( #covid19) in Canada, this one in BC, bringing the country total to 8. A women in her 30s flew to Vancouver from Shanghai, wore a mask the entire time. Contact tracing ongoing 
No, it actually tested negative. But my symptoms are flu-like to the T. Doctor said it’s “some other mystery virus” so now I’m just convinced I have Coronavirus
#coronavirus Where is Chen Qiushi #陈秋实 ? The citizen journalist/lawyer has been missing for over a week  …
Coronavirus Cripples Communist China, But US Lab Needed Only 3 Hours To Find Vaccine: Report  … #KAG #TRUMP2020 #TAP #WWG1WGA #JustSayNoToSocialism #WalkAway
Rodong Sinmun today telling North Koreans *not* to eat meals with their family members and stay 1.5m away from others to prevent coronavirus infection 
The Health Ministry in eSwatini says the country has registered its first suspected case of the deadly coronavirus. The case was identified yesterday in someone who had recently arrived in South Africa from China and entered the Kingdom on the 6th of February. #sabcnews
The Novel Coronavirus, 2019-nCoV, is Highly Contagious and More Infectious Than Initially Estimated. Possibly with an R0 > 4 ? Wow. Via ⁦  …
The fight against coronavirus is going high tech. Artificial intelligence and machine learning are being deployed to help stop its spread 
JUST IN: Second doctor in Japan has been diagnosed with coronavirus
Doctors from South Korea's Myongji Hospital report that they used AbbVie's HIV drug Kaletra, lopinavir plus ritonavir, to treat a male patient hospitalized with COVID-19, the disease caused by the novel coronavirus, and they say he began improving the day after treatment began.
NEW: 2nd doctor diagnosed with coronavirus at Japanese hospital - NHK  …
Went to a HS basketball game tonight. People were screaming at the refs all night. I kept my displeasure pretty calm. Right after a really bad call I screamed I hope you get coronavirus just as the crowd went quiet. Crowd all gasped at once. I stayed quiet the rest of game.
Japan has announced a total of eight new coronavirus cases on Friday, that are not from the Diamond Princess ship docked under quarantine in Yokohama Bay. This brings the total number of cases in Japan to 258, of which 219 are from the Diamond Princess. 
Latest on the coronavirus: - 67,000 cases confirmed worldwide, death toll at 1,526 - Wuhan residents are facing further lockdown. Now they'll be confined to their neighborhoods - Egypt reported its first case, the first confirmed in Africa 
Death toll in China due to #coronavirus climbs to 1,523, with 143 new fatalities reported mostly from worst-affected Hubei province; confirmed cases jumps to over 66,000
China's 'oldest coronavirus patient', 96, recovers after being treated in intensive care units for three days 
Praying, from America, for the city of HK as they are struggling with the coronavirus! Prayer transforms. ⁦ @FreedomHKG⁩ ⁦ @Stand_with_HK⁩ ⁦ @hk_watch⁩ ⁦ @Stand_with_HK⁩ ⁦ @BeWaterHKG⁩ ⁦ @SolomonYue⁩ ⁦ @hkdc_us⁩ ⁦ @HongKongFP⁩ 
The US will evacuate the roughly 380 Americans on the Diamond Princess cruise ship under quarantine in Japan because of coronavirus, the Wall Street Journal reports  
A diary from Christmas Island: A Chinese mother shares her experience as a coronavirus evac… A grateful evacuee.The first positive article that’s about something our Feds have done well. First time ever an unbiased story. I shouldn’t have to say that.  …
WARNING: Coronavirus Pandemic Could Lead To Massive Global Medicine Shortage @Alicia_Powe @WarRoom2020  … via @gatewaypundit
Valentine's Day in #HongKong during the #coronavirus outbreak. Photos: Kenji Wong & Nasha Chan/StandNews. #ChinaCoronaVirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Seems like coronavirus is pretty infectious.  …
Consumers shouldn’t use products with unproven claims to treat or “cure” #COVID19. There are no FDA approved treatments. The best defense against #coronavirus is good hand hygiene, avoiding sick contacts, seeking medical care if you have flu like symptoms  …
Killer coronavirus was NOT genetically engineered, scientist insists amid conspiracy claims 
Coronavirus is more troubling than the flu: It’s got a much higher rate of deaths per infection, for one thing (via 
As bad as it is, Covid-19, formerly known as Coronavirus, still isn't as bad as the worst threat to global health; Covfefe 45.
Valentine's Day in Hong Kong, as the coronavirus outbreak continues to take a toll on the city. Photos: Benjamin Yuen, Jimmy Lam, Kevin Cheng/United Social Press. #HongKong #China #coronavirus #ChinaCoronaVirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
The death toll from China's new coronavirus epidemic jumps past 1,500 but new infections fall following a mid-week surge caused by a change in the way cases are counted  
The State Department will evacuate U.S. citizens and their families on the Diamond Princess cruise ship quarantined for coronavirus, a CDC official said 
“Suspected infection cases are quarantined at medical facilities,” the report said. #Vietnam is monitoring more than 5,000 workers who returned to the country after the #LunarNewYear for signs of #Coronavirus, state media reported on Feb. 14.  …
China is entering the “most critical time” in its fight to contain the spreading coronavirus, a government official said 
#HiddenTruth_Of_Bible God is merciful and kind. Humans, animals and even the microorganisms are all his children. Then how can he order his one son to kill another son? Eating meat is not the order of supreme God. @SaintRampalJiM #coronavirus 
#HiddenTruth_Of_Bible Bible's - lyov 36:5 proves that God is kabir powerful He solve all types of problem if we doing God kabir worship. All people's which are infected by any virus like #coronavirus Please try or prayers God kabir #COVID19 Jesus 
WSJ Exclusive: US will evacuate some Americans from the Diamond Princess cruise ship, site of the biggest novel coronavirus outbreak outside China.  …
Severe cases of novel coronavirus infection in Wuhan account for 18% of all confirmed and hospitalized cases, according to the National Health Commission. 
#Coronavirus: “I’m keeping my eyes on Singapore & Hong Kong… If Singapore can’t keep it under control, then we’re all screwed because they’ve got the best system in the world.” @Laurie_Garrett on American Thought Leaders Watch:  
18% of #coronavirus patients in #Wuhan are in severe condition, while more than half of coronavirus patients in #Hubei Province have received integrated treatment of traditional Chinese and Western medicines, officials said at a press conference on 
Understanding the coronavirus outbreak: here are five books that explain viruses and how they spread – and whether a global pandemic could happen 
OPINION: Coronavirus fears are overblown -- instead, worry about the flu, which kills about 650,000 worldwide every year. 
#HiddenTruth_Of_Bible God has made grass and leafy vegetables for the animals and grains, fruits and leafy plants as food for humans. @SaintRampalJiM #coronavirus 
Sounds like things are evolving splendidly. #coronavirus  …
I have known a lot of journalists in my career and @BeijingPalmer is not only brilliant but also explains things in a really clear way. (Bless you) and has spent decades covering China. really interesting conversation about coronavirus.  …
“The entire epidemic control effort in China is based on the SARS experience, which was about fever checks.” But people with #coronavirus can be infectious even if they show no symptoms. "This is a huge challenge," says @Laurie_Garrett on ATL Watch:  
U.S. State Department to evacuate Americans aboard the Diamond Princess “I can’t wrap my head around the fact that I could die from this cruise.” Fear and boredom reign on the Diamond Princess, luxury ship under quarantine for coronavirus.  …
Live: Exterior view of Wuhan's second built coronavirus hospital #coronavirus  …
Doctors and nurses in Wuhan fighting against coronavirus. Real heroes！Faces covered with masks and goggles for too long 
2003 vs 2020: How Hong Kong’s coronavirus response is being hampered by opaque China-style governance  … #HongKong #China #coronavirus #ChinaCoronaVirus #CoronavirusOutbreak @kentewing1
China’s coronavirus outbreak has sent Beijing’s diplomats into overdrive in a bid to keep other countries from adopting measures that imply  in Chinese efforts to contain the crisis. It generally hasn’t worked. 
A "hazmat suit wedding dress" and a bouquet of gloves marked the "video call wedding ceremony" of a nurse in Wuhan, at the heart of #coronavirus epidemic, a day before #ValentinesDay 
Very good article listing the possible economic impacts of the coronavirus. It quotes Yu Yongding as saying: “In the face of the deadly virus, all problems of debt, inflation and asset bubbles are secondary. China can worry about...  … via @financialtimes
China’s mishandling of the #coronavirus is now provoking questions abroad about  of its rulers and the reliability of whatever information they release. #FreeHongKong #Wuhan #IWfp 
I need me a new lighter. A tip to prevent yourself from getting infected. #coronavirus 
WHO says joint China mission to start coronavirus probe this weekend  
Political leaders from across the world have expressed their confidence in China's efforts to fight the novel #coronavirus, saying China will achieve greater social and economic development after winning the battle against the epidemic  
Evidence suggests #coronavirus can be transmitted not only through droplets, but can also stay suspended in the air circulating around a room. @Laurie_Garrett explains #COVIDｰ19 transmission on ATL Watch:  
In light of the coronavirus, INTA is working to reschedule our Annual Meeting in Singapore (set for April 25–29, 2020) until 2022. INTA will be relocating the 2020 Meeting to a venue in the U.S., in May/June. Read  announcement:  . #INTA2020
Shameful slashing—CDC by almost 10%, NIH by 7%, & global health funds by 34%. No way to fight a threatening coronavirus pandemic. The Trump budget is a travesty.  …
So China is in a holy war against the #coronavirus on behalf of the whole world. This is the new narrative (also by Wang Yi in Europe). Let’s be clear. China is not locking up people behind closed doors f you nor me but for the party to stay in power.  …
Here's how the coronavirus has hit one of the most-populated regions on the planet - affecting around 500 million people in China  via 
BREAKING: The novel coronavirus has now infected more than 67,000 people globally, the vast majority in mainland China. The death toll is at least 1,526, including three people outside mainland China. 
This is a sketch we made about Coronavirus related racism. 
#Coronavirus: CDC will test people with flu symptoms for evidence of #COVID19. Tests conducted by CDC w/ help from local public health officials in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Washington State, Illinois and New 
The death of the doctor who warned of the risks of the coronavirus and was reprimanded by Chinese authorities is the greatest threat to President Xi yet  via @BW
WHO: We shouldn't call it "Wuhan coronavirus" because this might encourage bias and prejudice Joe Blow American: Wait, what's Wuhan, I thought the virus came from China
As I watch the coronavirus continue to spread, read about it's fairly high contagion %, and lethality, (not to mention a quarantine that hasn't worked) I'm now preparing in case it really gets out of control. Inventorying food, supplies, medicines, etc. Juuuuuuust in case..
In recent days, China’s Foreign Ministry has summoned diplomats from a number of Asian and Western countries  about their governments halting flights and issuing warnings against travel to China in response to the coronavirus. 
For our children,worst flu epidemic in decades. Where is the President on this? Amid coronavirus fears, a second wave of flu hits US kids  …
As this Coronavirus spreads, has anyone heard from a WOF pastor about heading to China (or even claiming healing for all those impacted)? Me neither. . .
Report: 5K Additional Coronavirus Cases Confirmed In China  … 
“Chinese medical workers at the forefront of the fight against the coronavirus epidemic are often  its victims, partly because of government missteps and logistical hurdles.” They don’t have enough masks, goggles, gowns. #Coronavirus  …
First quality data available for the novel #coronavirus ( #covid19) in infants. Nine cases reported, none required intensive care. All had family clusters of  …
“The United States is deeply concerned about the vulnerability of the North Korean people to a coronavirus outbreak,” a @StateDept spokesperson said. The US is ready to assist #NorthKorea in preventing and managing the  …
Daily Digest 2/13 – Chinese doctors say Wuhan coronavirus reinfection even deadlier, Alibaba CEO warns coronavirus is a ‘black swan’  
The outbreak of #coronavirus is no excuse for bullying. It is never okay to discriminate against someone because of how they look or where they are from. It's up to each of us to say no to stigma and stand up for each other. Spread kindness, not fear. #COVID19 
Two video bloggers who documented coronavirus crisis in Wuhan have gone missing. Their videos showed fear, grief & dissatisfaction with government. Across China, at least 350 have been punished for ‘spreading rumors’. #ChenQiushi #FangBin  …
#Coronavirus “could infect more than 60% of the human population with a 1% mortality rate… You’re talking about more than 100 million dead," according to @HKUMed dean and epidemiologist @gmleunghku. @Laurie_Garrett on American Thought Leaders Watch:  
Death toll from new coronavirus infection reaches 1,523 in mainland China. Follow all the latest updates: 
NEW: Jingmen, a city in Hubei province, has been put on lockdown due to coronavirus, officials say
14 Feb, 2020: Owner of @singtaodaily took out 2 full-page ads in his own newspaper to berate #CarrieLam for her dereliction of duty as regards the #WuhanPneumonia #Coronavirus #nCov2019  her to an ostrich who won't face facts nor shoulder up her  …
You're locked in a dungeon and there are only 2 ways out. You can escape but in one way, you are sure to catch #coronavirus. In the other, you are sure to catch trumpism and join #Cult45. You 
Live: SCIO briefing on epidemic control measures and medical rescue in Hubei Province #coronavirus  …
Stopping Coronavirus. Peter Navarro says the U.S. vaccines to treat Coronavirus could be ready by November with clinical trials for an antiviral drug starting by the end of this month. #MAGA #AmericaFirst 
A man grew ill on vacation with his wife in Hawaii and tested positive for the coronavirus when he returned home to Japan. Now health officials are looking for people he may have run into while in Honolulu. (w/ @motokorich  …
COVID-19 (novel coronavirus) is particularly difficult to contain, as it is able to cause lifelong brain damage in those it hasn't even infected.  …
Today's #coronavirus stats, using just the traditional reporting methods for consistency. I'd expect new deaths to start dropping in the next few days as the diagnosis/course of disease lag catches up  
LIVE:  #coronavirus: Many healthcare workers won't go home for weeks, so they don't infect their families. In Wuhan, they're in “a true hell on earth. They’ve gone into Dante’s Inferno," says @Laurie_Garrett, who has been in over 30 outbreaks on 
These are new images of the deadly novel coronavirus released by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases in the U.S. This is what you need to know about the spreading coronavirus that's killed more than 1,300 in China  
Why the Covid-19 coronavirus outbreak might be much bigger than we know - Vox  …
he U.S. military is reportedly advancing plans to make ready for a potential pandemic of the  …
Here’s another reason we need President Trump. Coronavirus Exposes China's Monopoly on U.S. Drug, Medical Supplies ⁦ @BlackVoices4DJT⁩ ⁦ @masf2000⁩ ⁦  …
Breaking News Was the CORONAVIRUS a BIOWEAPON that was released in order to COVER UP the mass PURGE of POLITICAL DISSIDENTS in China using the MASS SURVEILLANCE systems provided to the ChiComs by BIG TECH and HUSSEIN? WATCH THIS 
Countries are using thermal screening at airports to identify any suspected case of #coronavirus. Follow our live blog for the latest updates:  
The coronavirus crisis in China adds a new stress on China's financial system 
Excited to attend tomorrow City councilors  coronavirus fears with Chinatown dim sum brunch |  ⁦ @wutrain⁩  …
Exclusive: Senior China diplomat concedes challenge of coronavirus, slams 'overreaction'  
This is a German-trained Chinese geneticist that I know and trust, he carefully examined the genes of the coronavirus and concluded it is highly likely to be designed by man. The efficiency of infection has been greatly increased through gene modification. 
China added 2,641 additional #coronavirus cases, taking the total number of people affected to 66,492, the NHC said Saturday. As many as 1,523 people have died from the virus so far. 
BREAKING NEWS: Earl has just  the first celebrity to be diagnosed with Coronavirus..
"As coronavirus cases and deaths spike in China, the regime in Beijing is looking for a devil to blame." 
Wang Yi about #Coronavirus: “We’re not just defending the life, safety and health of Chinese citizens, but also making our contribution for global public health, and that should be recognised.” 
Hundreds of passengers from a cruise ship disembarked in Cambodia after being stranded at sea for two weeks over #coronavirus fears. 
This is where novel coronavirus cases have been confirmed worldwide  
How to avoid #coronavirus infection: Step 1: Don’t share towels. “Towels are just fantastic surfaces for growing viruses & bacteria.” @Laurie_Garrett, who has reported in over 30 outbreaks, explains best practices on ATL PREMIERE at 8pm ET:  
Here's a look at where the coronavirus cases are throughout China  
Terrifying map reveals how thousands of Wuhan travellers could have spread coronavirus to 400 cities worldwide as global death toll tops 1,000  …
As of Feb. 14, #coronavirus kills 1,523 people in #China. Other key figures are as follows: - 66,492 confirmed cases, another 56 in HK (1 death), 10 in Macao and 18 in Taiwan - 8,096 discharged from hospital - 11,053 in critical condition more:  
SHANGHAI/BEIJING, Feb 15 (Reuters) - The death toll from a coronavirus outbreak in mainland China had reached 1,523 as of the end of Friday, up by 143 from the previous day, the country's National Health Commission said on Saturday morning.
Should Arizona  a 2A Sanctuary State to protect gun rights? Meet the lawmaker who says Yes. Also, the professional fall from grace for the man who prosecuted Jodi Arias, plus new plans to test for the Coronavirus for people w/ symptoms—at 10:30pm on Fox10 
libertarian: let's start a gofundme to spread the coronavirus 
Heartwarming moments: A boy asks his nurse mom to take good care of herself while fighting on the frontline of #coronavirus battle. Have a glimpse of their video call 
Hubei adds 2,420 coronavirus cases, reports 139 new deaths 
The @HongKongPolyU announced it has developed a fully automated, rapid, multi-diagnostic system that can detect 30 to 40 pathogens involved in respiratory infections within an hour, including the #Coronavirus,  …
Father of love & mercy, we bless Ur #HolyName. As we retire into the weekend, we pray for those working tirelessly to contain, find treatment & a cure for the #CoronaVirus: May U bless & protect all the #MedicalTeam & all who help nurse those affected. #Jesus, we Trust in U 
Chinese officials confirmed that more than 1,700 medical workers have been infected with the #coronavirus. Six of those cases have resulted in death. More:  
IMF Chief Says Virus May Warrant Coordinated Economic Action | BLOOMBERG The head of the IMF said global Central Banks and Governments may need to unite to fight the economic fallout from the coronavirus as banks lower growth forecasts.  …
Ok Folks: Apparently The Coronavirus is MUCH MUCH worse then we ever Suspected! Cats are wearing coronavirus masks in China | Fox News  …
During this #coronavirus epidemic in China, we see more and more long lines forming across the entire country. They’re running low on food and supplies. If the world’s second largest economy can’t handle COVIN19 disaster, what about other countries? 
Let’s be honest is there anyone out there besides @jeremycorbyn that would Coronavirus and racism in one sentence?  …
It’s “apocalyptic,” Shanghai-based photographer Nicoco says about the desolate Chinese streets amid the coronavirus outbreak. Our special report airs tonight at 7 p.m. ET.  
Coronavirus spreads to Egypt as country confirms Africa's first case 
I love being the scientist who created Coronavirus (pronounced “quranavirus”) designed to turn everyone muslim. The @WHO knows all about this and even funded me to do this because they were scared of breaching their diversity quota
If you’re freaking out about coronavirus and haven’t gotten a flu shot this year take a moment to ponder your own risk assessment skills. 26 million illnesses, 250,000 hospitalizations and 14,000 deaths in the US this season from influenza via  …
Let us count the ways the Trump administration is underprepared to tackle the coronavirus 
It's not herbal medicine versus vaccination. A holistic approach means they can work together. Mint for nausea, jewelweed for rashes, and vaccines for polio, whooping cough, and coronavirus.  
When Xi Jinping staked his claim as "leader for life," he did so on the promise that he would ensure the health, wealth and security of China’s 1.4 billion people. His government’s failed response to the #coronavirus has given lie to that social contract 
The health of IBMers is our primary concern as we continue to monitor  events and travel relative to Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19). We are cancelling our participation in this year's RSA conference.
Egyptian health authorities have said a ‘foreigner’ has been placed in quarantine after being confirmed to have coronavirus, the first official diagnosis in Africa. 
On Feb. 14, #Hubei Province, the epicenter of the #coronavirus epidemic, reports: - 139 deaths - 2,420 confirmed cases - 912 recovered and discharged Total confirmed #COVID19 cases in #Hubei at 54,406, with 1,457 dead and 38,107 
Wow, @RoundRockISD. FYI, #Coronavirus is not caused by being Asian or Chinese. Would RRISD find the need to “disinfect” after a non-Asian festival? Stand with your #AAPI families against unfounded 
On February 2, 2020, the first training for novel Coronavirus was conducted at the Vietnam National Children's Hospital, garnering the participation of 12,000 physicians at 257 sites using @ProjectECHO, a telementoring model aimed at health system strengthening. #coronavirus 
Coronavirus update: - 66,887 cases worldwide - 10,109 suspected cases - 1,523 fatalities - 10,757 in serious/critical condition - 7,720 recovered - Most cases in China - Today: First case in Egypt - 26 countries reporting cases
We can argue about whether IBM and FB canceling events in SF due to Coronavirus is an overreaction, but I’m definitely not going  about the principle  shouldn’t force employees to be exposed to health risks for their jobs.
Facebook cancels its global marketing summit scheduled for next month in San Francisco due to coronavirus-related risks. The event, scheduled for March 9 to March 12 at the Moscone Center, was expected to see over 4,000 participants.  …
Coronavirus case in Egypt. Additionally, the new tally of total world-wide cases hits 66,000. CDC and WHO remind you that you shouldn't worry and you should lick door knobs on public buildings to defeat "sinophobia." #Coronavirus #Pandemic
BREAKING: Coronavirus death toll hits 1521
Egypt confirms coronavirus case, the first in Africa The country's health ministry says the affected person is a 'foreigner' who is hospitalised and in isolation. ⁦ @WHO⁩ ⁦  …
When #HongKong civilians peacefully protested, #HongKongPolice sent out troops to bully women & elderly. Meanwhile gov’t mandates Fire Dept & Customs to track down ppl not following #coronavirus self-quarantine procedures, as cops aren’t sufficiently staffed 
No case of coronavirus in Kashmir, but spike in H1N1 nos #LetKashmirSpeak #StandWithKashmir #SaveKashmiriWomen @UN @antonioguterres @JosepBorrellF @MBachelet @AIIndia @HRW @MushaalMullick @peaceforchange @LetKashmirSpeak #Kashmir #IOK  …
 … Coronavirus cases, including locations. Keep in mind that the actual total is objectively, provably, and even establishment-admittedly larger by a considerable sum.
“I can’t wrap my head around the fact that I could die from this cruise.” Fear and boredom reigns on the Diamond Princess, a luxury ship under quarantine for coronavirus. 
"These images look unreal," a Shanghai-based photographer shares images from the city that's been struck with coronavirus fears. Get the latest on the coronavirus outbreak with our special report TONIGHT at 7 p.m. ET.  
BREAKING: 139 new coronavirus deaths in Hubei province
While #HongKongProtests have  quiet under #coronavirus, we haven’t forgotten hundreds of ppl still being wrongfully detained by #HongKongPolice. A big crowd showed up on #ValentinesDay outside Lai Chi Kwok Reception Centre to support those in custody. 
YOU MUST BE JOKING - CHEMISTWORKS Coronavirus - #COVID19 Protection Station Its this type of obnoxious greed driven scare campaigns that is leading to panic & racism in  Australia's chief medical officer has said these precautions are unnecessary 
BREAKING: Epicenter of coronavirus outbreak reports 2,420 new cases and 139 new deaths  …
Is it a bird, is it a plane, is it an old ambulance? No, Great Britain. We bring you coronavirus pod. It’ll wish it never messed with us. 
NYT kicks new anti-China Cold War Propaganda into high gear #coronavirus  …
DEVELOPING: Eight Planes in ‘Lockdown’ in London Over Fears of Coronavirus Outbreak 
PREMIERE 8pm ET:  “All the crematoriums of Hubei are backed up & cannot take bodies." ATL Having reported in over 30 epidemic zones, @Laurie_Garrett breaks down the tough realities of #coronavirus, possibility of a global pandemic & how to stay safe. 
It's official, IBM is pulling out of @RSAConference over virus fears: "The health of IBMers continues to be our primary concern as we monitor  events and travel relative to Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19). As a result, we are cancelling our participation in this year's RSA"
At the request of many people, we have added back a breakdown of the Chinese provinces which are most affected by coronavirus  
#Saudi Arabia stands beside #China in helping  novel #coronavirus (COVID-19), affirming the strong ties and depth of the historical friendship between the two countries 
A very smart endeavour....home testing for the novel #coronavirus ( #covid19) in the mildly symptomatic, to avoid unnecessary hospitalization and ambulance  …
This pastor says God is sparing the U.S. from coronavirus because of the Trump administration 
Lol love how the caucacity is talking about coronavirus like their race didn't begin and host the most fatal virus ever - oh, I mean white supremacy, not the bubonic plague. But that counts too.
“Do you think that the world knows everything that the Chinese government knows about this outbreak?” asks @jaketapper about the coronavirus. “Probably not,” says Rebecca Katz, director of the Georgetown Center for Global Health Science and Security.  
BREAKING: #OWL2020 moves cancelled Chinese matches to South Korea due to Coronavirus. 
while my gf is on her flight home i will be making her a nice dinner (ribeye medallions, gruyere & chive mashed potatoes, asparagus, red wine pan sauce) as a valentine’s day treat for her. and she will be giving me the coronavirus she contracts on her flight as a treat for me
The Tokyo Olympics were canceled because the coronavirus was vandemic  …
The Asian American Journalists Association asks the media to be mindful of photos, context and word choice surrounding coronavirus. "AAJA warns against blanket use of Chinatown images that reinforce stereotypes and create a sense of 'otherness.'" 
RECODE: Implies Beijing has no outbreak, and that virus is distant and far away FACT CHECK: False, 370+ cases in Beijing according to JHU dashboard Also, NPR reports Beijing is building another 1000-bed instant hospital to prepare for predicted uptick in coronavirus cases. 
RECODE: "reducing handshakes...not specifically  for coronavirus" FACT CHECK: False, according to CDC "Human coronaviruses  spread from an infected person to others through...close personal contact, such as touching or shaking hands" 
#BREAKING: @GovHawaii confirms visitor from Japan who was recently in Hawaii has contracted #CoronaVirus after returning home - the man was on Maui and Oahu between Jan. 28 and Feb. 7 - visitor stayed in Waikiki at Hilton Grand Vacation with his wife @KITV4
State: Japanese visitor recently in Hawaii confirmed to have coronavirus  #HNN
Chinese Propaganda Attempts to Blame the US for Coronavirus  …
Instagram no longer allows users to track #coronavirus in real time like last week. It now gives this prompt for CDC. And users can no longer use the option for "most viewed" or "recent". If Zuckerberg manipulates data over a virus, imagine what he could do to elec--oh wait! 
WATCH: Japanese tourist that recently traveled through Hawaii tested positive for coronavirus. For more details, click here  
China's 'oldest coronavirus patient', 96, recovers after being treated in intensive care units for three days 
These chickens in China are offering messages of support amid the deadly coronavirus outbreak. 
I’ve seen a lot of racist BS about people refusing to go to Chinese restaurants because of the Coronavirus, so now is probably a great time to support your local Chinese eateries. I will be stuffing my face with Wojia and Shan Dong as soon as I get back to the states.
This American couple is quarantined onboard a cruise ship because of a coronavirus outbreak — but that didn't stop them from having a romantic Valentine’s Day  
What an amazing military university. They know something was terribly wrong many days before everyone. Click here (archive of the website of the Defense Ministry of PRC) to see more grandiose photos of it! #COVID2019 #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Free theory: Trump is a time traveler sent back to stop coronavirus, which is why border walls, visa denials, trade war. But the Resistance was sent back in time to stop Trump from stopping coronavirus. IT MAKES AS MUCH SENSE AS ANYTHING ELSE GUYS
Meanwhile, in the €urozone... Germany entered 2020 with a flatlining economy and manufacturers in distress, leaving it ill-prepared for continued trade uncertainty and the coronavirus threat. Expansion last year was just 0.6% and 2020 may be little better, reports Bloomberg.
The FDA plays an essential role in overseeing our nation’s medical products as part of our vital mission to protect and promote public health, including during public health emergencies. #coronavirus  …
#Coronavirus: MSF is sending 3.5 metric tons of medical protective equipment to Wuhan Jinyintan hospital—one of the hospitals on the forefront of treating patients with COVID-19. 
The Coronavirus Cat Rescuer of Wuhan More than 30,000 pets have been left stranded in Wuhan following the coronavirus outbreak. This is Ye Jialin's story of how he is helping the #cats of those who are currently not allowed to return home. CLICK to watch >  
While CDC considers #COVID19 a serious situation and is taking preparedness measures, the immediate risk in the U.S. is considered low. Everyone should always take simple daily precautions to help prevent the spread of respiratory illnesses.  #coronavirus 
Currently, there are 600 people under quarantine in the U.S. with 15 confirmed cases being treated. The CDC will use existing influenza monitoring services in these laboratories to help see if and when #COVID19 is spreading in the U.S. #Coronavirus  …
#Singapore MOH: total of 67 confirmed #coronavirus cases 17 fully recovered & discharged. Most are stable or improving in hospital. 6 are in critical condition in the intensive care unit.  …
Public health officials must be more open about the coronavirus threat For real??? This is, frankly, disingenuous BS Headline grabbing rubbish that bears no resemblance to reality  …
A minor footnote to the tragic Coronavirus outbreak is the status of a favorite week of #nbatwitter, “China Klay Week”. Warriors PR and team trainers are  either “Cabo Klay” or the even less risk adverse “Concord 
BREAKING: Coronavirus case confirmed in Egypt. The first case in Africa.
Xi Jinping, general secretary of the CPC Central Committee, stressed the importance of drawing on lessons from the novel coronavirus pneumonia outbreak and improving the country's systems for major epidemic control, prevention and public health emergency management. #XiJinping
Coronavirus outbreak: senior US official accuses China of lack of transparency - The Guardian  …
A second Chinese citizen journalist has disappeared in Wuhan as authorities tighten control of information about the coronavirus outbreak. 
Chinese medic in hazmat suit teaches coronavirus patients martial arts to keep them active during quarantine 
#coronavirus Extract from the book "The Eyes of Darkness" published in 1996... 'Wuhan-400' 'Perfect bio-weapon' #coronavirus 
Russian Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Maria Zakharova expressed in Chinese her country's support and blessing to China and its people. #coronavirus 
Egypt confirms coronavirus case, the first in Africa  …
Japanese man tested positive for coronavirus after returning from trip to Hawaii  …
#ThisWeekatState, @SecPompeo addressed the @NatlGovsAssoc, provided an update on the U.S. response to the coronavirus, and joined @IvankaTrump to celebrate the one-year anniversary of the Women’s Global Development and Prosperity ( #WGDP) 
500MILLION people in China are on lockdown because of coronavirus 
Health officials contact hundreds of UK Bus Summit attendees in London, after one is diagnosed with coronavirus 
#NEW: CDC Director Dr. Robert Redfield on Coronavirus: "Right now there is no evidence to me that this [Coronovirus] outbreak is at all under control. It is definitely not controlled. And the sooner we can help them get it under control, the better for the whole world."
Egypt confirmed a coronavirus case, the 1st reported in Africa. The WHO has rushed to prepare African health systems, many of which are overburdened or lack diagnostic tests. It says most countries should be able to diagnose it soon. 
I talked to Amy McKeever @natgeo about #SARSCoV2 #COVID19 #coronavirus pathogenesis. Always up to drop a little host response knowledge about how things like cytokine storms can make you sick!  …
Facebook cancels San Francisco summit on coronavirus fears  
Fang Bin sold clothes. But when Wuhan was hit by #coronavirus, he used video to tell the truth. He was threatened. He kept on. Before he went missing, he called himself "just an ordinary person, a silly person, who lifted the lid for a second.”  … @vwang3
A World Health Organization-led mission to China will start investigating the coronavirus outbreak, focusing on the severity of COVID-19 and how it is spreading, especially among health workers  
This news of Coronavirus in Egypt is terrifying. This is the best time for our Ministry of Health to start precautionary measures. Screen every damn person entering Nigeria from any country! Me I am scared already sha.
Known unknowns about Coronavirus:  Chinese data •Flaws in a key medical test •Lack of global antibody data •Virus incubation period (now re-estimated to be 24 days) More in  …
900 People get Coronavirus and the whole world wants to wear a surgical mask, even full face snorkeling mask 30 Million people have AIDS but still nobody wants to wear a condom!!!!
Ummm, Hawaii? “In Nagoya, Aichi Prefecture, a man in his 60s who recently returned from a trip to Hawaii has tested positive for the coronavirus, the city govt said. He has not visited China recently.” Need more details on this #COVID19 case.  …
As the outbreak of a new coronavirus continues, infants appear to be largely spared.  …
Exclusive: Senior China diplomat concedes challenge of coronavirus, slams 'overreaction'  
Industrial activity within/near cities afflicted by the #coronavirus are down 50-80%. Jesus. 
#COVID19 Ontario couple have recovered but are still testing positive for coronavirus #SARSCoV2 #corornavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #WuhanCoronavius #2019nCoV ⁦  …
This report is far out. The doctors in China are now collecting blood from patients who have the coronavirus to treat people who are sick. Some how this seems like we are going back to the dark ages to treat the sick. 
Waiting on my Chinese Food delivery! I ordered Sweet and Spicy Vegan soup without MSG or Coronavirus 
Smart: “public health flu labs are part of CDC’s existing flu surveillance network. Specimens that test negative for flu will be tested for coronavirus. Officials plan to expand the testing in  weeks to provide an early warning of where the ”  …
British Columbia health officials announce 5th presumptive coronavirus case. The new patient is a woman in her 30s who lives in B.C.'s Interior. She recently travelled to Shanghai.  B.C.
Egypt has recorded the first coronavirus case in Africa.
The immediate risk of novel coronavirus remains low for the US public at this time. CDC is taking aggressive action to keep the nation safe. #COVID19 represents an unprecedented public health threat and requires everyone’s continued cooperation.  .
Researchers believe novel coronavirus spreads mainly from person to person among close contacts through respiratory droplets produced when an infected person coughs or sneezes. People are likely most contagious when they are most symptomatic (the sickest).  
An image is worth a thousand words #CoronaVirus #2019nCoV #COVID19 
At least 1,716 health workers in China have been infected with the new coronavirus, or COVID-19, Chinese officials say. Six have died from it. 
me chinese, me really fkn tired of your coronavirus-related racism. asian people do not inherently have it but we do all look really fire in the face masks bc hypebeast culture
Seeking to protect the city from a major coronavirus outbreak, Beijing has imposed new quarantine rules: everyone returning to the city must isolate themselves for 14 days 
Even staying at home, you can still show your love. Do you know what 5201314 means? #Valentine #coronavirus 
The coronavirus and the long history of blaming ‘the other’ in public health crises. Asian Americans are still seen as “forever foreigners,” no matter how long they’ve lived in this country. So true. Can't count how often I get asked where I'm from.  …
"Why are the Uighurs wasting away in internment camps not receiving the same level of support people infected with the coronavirus do?"  — #AJOpinion, by Omar Suleiman
In San Fernando Valley, a middle school student was bullied, physically attacked and accused of having the coronavirus. Because he was Asian. 
it's been two weeks since i wrote that it's racist and dehumanizing to say chinese people deserve to die from the novel coronavirus because of what they eat, and i continue to get angry emails and messages from people who somehow think that's still up for debate
Before the #coronavirus spread throughout China, putting the freedom, health and wellbeing of millions of innocent people at risk, millions of innocent #Uighurs were already being imprisoned, tortured and killed because they had the "virus" of Islam.  …
Coronavirus paralyzes China's live sector as concert cancellations and box office losses mount 
American televangelist Jim Bakker is selling a liquid that allegedly ‘kills’ the coronavirus for $300 
UHRP Director of Global Advocacy @LouisaCGreve on the risk of the spread of coronavirus in internment camps in the Uyghur region: "[The camps] would be a breeding ground for immediate infection across the population." (1/2) 
Chinese health officials have revealed for the first time the number of frontline workers who have been infected by the novel coronavirus. 
Its time for the Chinese People to stand up against the CCP Bolsheviks. No Coronavirus outbreak justifies inhumane treatment like this. Rise up dear Chinese People and send  straight to hell.
Coronavirus cancellations show evidence-based decisions are rare during epidemics  
Intensive care doctor tells of a hospital teetering on collapse in Wuhan #COVID19 #coronavirus  …
As the new coronavirus continues to spread, so too do misinformation, racist tropes and xenophobic actions. Educators should understand the historical context and current moment so they can confront these hateful messages. This resource can help.  …
As the number of cases of the new coronavirus in Hong Kong have continued to rise, so too has the level of anger at the government's response. 
We don’t yet know how big coronavirus is going to be for the UK. We don’t know how many people will be infected or how many will need intensive care. The NHS only just has capacity to maintain service now; coronavirus could mean difficult choices about what else gets postponed.  …
Wow, this report says that the Japanese govt finally decided to start a meeting with a professional about the infectious disease to defend citizens from coronavirus. Not surprising me about They Didn’t have yet.  …
Amen!! Vote Trump2020Vote Senate/Congress candidates that will work with ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ To #MAGA #KAG #socialismkills Pompeo: The U.S. coronavirus response is protecting Americans  …
Cell phones on the floor of funeral home in Wuhan; their owners, infected with coronavirus, were cremated immediately after they died. 
Dozens of countries and territories have seen infections from the #coronavirus. For the latest on #coronavirus, follow our live blog  
My guess would be “not infecting people with coronavirus as that would be bloody stupid”
Teenage depression, climate change, and coronavirus joining forces to end humanity 
our dates in beijing, shanghai and hong kong have been cancelled due to coronavirus. really sad about it, but we’ll be back when we can. u
NEW: World Health Organization team headed to China as coronavirus cases climb 
The coronavirus is taking its toll on the medical workers in China. Approx 1716 have been infected and at least 6 are known dead. The US is still holding firm at 15 confirmed cases. The World Health Organization is now in China lending support to help find a cure for the virus 
Five U.S. cities testing people for coronavirus when they have flu symptoms 
If this is true... A kid posted screenshots of his father's phone. The father texted her friend that works at CDC, Dr. Nancy, asking about how bad the coronavirus situation really was. #CoronaVirus #2019nCoV #COVID19 Source:  Thanks: 
That's outright dangerous and should be prohibited. If that's silver nitrate solution they are selling, you can obtain that much cheaper elsewhere. Silver ions Ag+ are in fact anti-bacterial, but the Coronavirus is a VIRUS, and consequently immune to anti-bacterial agents.  …
1,700 Chinese health workers infected with Coronavirus 
It’s time that countries around the world shut down all further travel to and from China. They’ve proven they cannot control the coronavirus, they need to be put on a countrywide quarantine.
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi says the U.S. travel ban amid the coronavirus outbreak makes it difficult for China to implement the phase-one trade deal between the two countries, Reuters reports.  …
Singaporeans send Valentine's Day letters to health workers battling coronavirus  
I was very pleased to join CNN @firstmove today to discuss how drones are being used to prevent the spread of coronavirus, and to discuss Remote ID and drone data security. #dronesforgood  …
. @justinbieber makes donation to Chinese charity as coronavirus continues to spread 
BREAKING: Egypt confirms first coronavirus case in Africa.  …
“This virus is probably with us beyond this year you can start to think of it like seasonal flu." -CDC director, Robert Redfield The flu is far less contagious and only kills .01% while the #Coronavirus kills 1-2% with 25% of the infected landing in the ICU. #COVID19  – at CDC Washington
How does this guy have any mental bandwidth to focus on foreign and domestic policy, the coronavirus, the budget, etc.? He seems unable to move on beyond his obsession with answering each slight perceived or otherwise. Rhetorical, btw.
Trump tells the National Border Patrol Council that the number of US coronavirus cases is "like around 12." The CDC confirmed a 15th case yesterday. He has understated the number almost every time.
Another Friday in the world of #coronavirus... Want to say an enormous thank you to our amazing @PublicHealthW people & all our #NHSWales & @WelshGovernment colleagues who are working round the clock to support and protect our people in #Wales Thank you
I think this coronavirus business is gonna sink China's economy tbh, they're heavily dependent on exports and with business travelers being scared to travel and make deals, the factories that once pumped out shoddy plastic junk for the foreign market are going to go unused.
Roses are red Violets are blue Don't culture that coronavirus At BSL-2 Last one, I promise. For this year.
U.S. private sector donates 2 million masks to China to fight against #coronavirus  
Good grief #HongKong govt sparked biggest outcry & worst crisis since handover when it proposed extradition law It incited outrage by inept failure to protect #HK against #coronavirus Now Junius Ho wants Article 23? I hope #Hongkongers tell him where to go in LegCo  …
The likelihood of the average American contracting the coronavirus remains "extremely low." Even so, the Department of Health and Human Services says it's working to be able to treat thousands of patients if need be. 
Enjoyed a roundtable discussion w @CAPApilots to talk about the safety of the flying public & learn more about challenges they face in aviation. I also thanked them for helping protect flight crews & travelers as the #coronavirus continues to spread throughout China & the region. 
Have you seen our novel coronavirus Q&A blog? Find out everything you need to know about 
Develop vaccine for Coronavirus and Lassa Fever get ₦36 million — FG A country where students and teachers of microbiology knows viruses only in textbooks
Q: Why not test all evacuees for #coronavirus? @CDCgov: tests less accurate before people show symptoms, so a negative early result could be misleading “Every test has a limit of detection. Early on, test may or may not be able to pick it up.”  …
When your vacation sails into a global health crisis: Nearly 3,500 passengers and crew are trapped on the cruise ship Diamond Princess under a coronavirus quarantine 
Jim Bakker's selling a coronavirus fighting Silver Solution for $300/case. Everything is fine 
The lady from the WHO claims that misinformation is as bad as catching the virus - - not sure she’s telling the truth there #coronavirus
I do not support Bloomberg. He is a dangerous person in many ways. But his ads are quite good. It’s important to understand he isn’t just running them on network or cable. I don’t watch television, but every time I go to YouTube to research the coronavirus, I see them.  …
Coronavirus is in Egypt. God please we no get person for the country... Please airpus ooooo Eeeeeh... God
Facebook, Google, Amazon met with WHO to talk coronavirus misinformation  …
Today we are sharing a research protocol for SHERLOCK-based COVID-19 #coronavirus detection, and hope it will help others who are working  the outbreak. We will continue to update this as we make further progress:  …
The quarantine confinement in #Wuhan #China for the #coronavirus ... will he have got the parents to play with their children? 
Tackling #coronavirus using drone technology! Brendan Schulman @dronelaws from China tech firm @DJIGlobal discusses #drone use to disinfect 1000+ Chinese counties amid the outbreak, regulating drone technology & protecting data and content. 
Coronavirus research funding opportunity has been updated to reflect discussions and priorities of the recent @WHO Forum. Updates include refinement of research areas, participation in international meetings, new partner & more.  
I couldn't stop thinking about that amazing Reddit post about living & cooking under coronavirus lockdown in Shunde, China, so I skyped the folks who wrote it and we had a truly fascinating conversation  …
In light of how the CCP is handling the #coronavirus with lies, deceit, coverups & persecution of political dissidents, etc ... would moving the worlds manufacturing there be a good idea? @Perpetualmaniac breaks down the Amazon  …
We now know what the coronavirus looks like up close — thanks to new images made using scanning and transmission electron microscopes. 
The government and NHS are well prepared to deal with #coronavirus. You can help too. Here's our guidance on best practice hygiene and specific advice for individuals returning from certain areas 
Though it is a disturbing & extreme option, we should seriously consider deliberately infecting folks with coronavirus, to spread out the number of critically ill people over time, and to ensure that critical infrastructure remains available to help sick.  …
We need to start monitoring "deaths from all causes" in China and other countries where testing for #covid19 #coronavirus infection is limited. In widespread epidemics, it  a reasonably proxy for case fatality rate... look at these graphs from 1918! 
MAJOR: Reps from Amazon, Google, Facebook and other tech co’s met with @WHO yesterday for a day of meetings at Facebook to discuss what to do about misinformation and the Coronavirus  … With @sal19
According to a WHO expert, the international spread of the #coronavirus is "just beginning."  
UPDATE: First coronavirus case in Africa reported in Egypt. Follow all the latest updates: 
Has anyone who said the coronavirus is no biggie said “whoops, my bad” yet or nah?
Reuters reports that Xi told officials to scale back coronavirus countermeasures to avoid damaging its economy  
Happy Sabbath from Talatona Metropolitana Seventh-day Adventist Church in Luanda, Angola! From my remarks this evening: We live in a dangerous world. Many people are talking about the new coronavirus. People are worried. People are fearful. We don’t know what will happen next. 
A family cured of the coronavirus in Beijing is grateful to be over the illness but concerns are raised about the strain the outbreak is having on China's health workers  
Dr. Corsi DECODES 1/14/20: Can Coronavirus be stopped? McCabe walks while @realDonaldTrump demands justice for Roger Stone & @GenFlynn. Will Barr/Durham ever bring indictments against Deep State criminals in DOJ?  … Unequal Justice Continues #KAG #KAG2020
Africa CDC establishes continent-wide task force to respond to global coronavirus epidemic  …
Despite threats from #CoronaVirus & #HKPoliceState, #Hongkongers persist in standing up against #CCP tyranny. With one voice, we chant "Liberate #HK" & sing #GloryToHongKong, the land we  …
Yesterday while scrubbing for an operation I found out how Coronavirus is already affecting my hospital. We are short on gowns and now they may need to clamp down on their use. This will make any sterile procedures hard. There is panic buying in the US. Hope we find a answer 
#Alert @HarrisFaulkner interviews Dr. Amy Compton Phillips EVP and Chief Clinical Officer at Providence St. Joseph Health, she oversees patient care at 51 hospitals, including where the first US Coronavirus patient was treated. She says "this can go widespread in the US". WATCH 
What do you do when you’re out of face masks amid a #CoronavirusOutbreak in China? Steam them, says Chongqing resident @1ManManyVOices #新型肺炎 #coronavirus 
Coronavirus: How do you self-isolate successfully? 
Father of 1992 school shooting victim: "One hundred people die from the coronavirus and the world freaks out. One hundred people are killed by guns each day in America and it’s business as usual."  …
Coronavirus maybe more deadly than Iain Duncan Smith warns Government  … via @RochdaleHerald
Coronavirus spreads to Egypt as country confirms a 'foreigner' is now infected with the disease in Africa's first case. 
Hi guys! Thank you to everyone who've been checking up on me and my situation in China right now. I made a short documentary about my time here thus far. Again, thank you for your kind words during this difficult time for many people. #coronavirus 
Egypt has recorded the first case of Coronavirus in mainland Africa. Back here in Kenya, the government is  the Chinese without quarantining them for the  two weeks saying that they will quarantine themselves. Who bewitched us? @MOH_Kenya
A #Wuhan resident reported to his street management center that his father was diagnosed with #coronavirus, but was not accepted by the hospital. "Do you know how many patients has been diagnosed...There’s even a 35-week pregnant woman who's been diagnosed," the director replied. 
Alberta is threatening separation. Our economy has been downgraded. Coronavirus is threatening our health. China has our citizens. Our railway and highways  as natural energy sector being sabotaged by illegal protestors. We are leaderless. #TrudeauOnTour  …
ALERT! #CDC has started #CoronaVirus testing on the general public in the following 5 cities: #LosAngeles, #SanFrancisco, #Seattle, #NewYorkCity, and #Chicago. The criteria for #COVID19 testing is ANYONE with #Flu like symptoms who tests negative for FLU #MedEd #Nurse
Harvard Professor Says Global Coronavirus Pandemic is Likely Thanks to Jennifer Zeng, @jenniferatntd for an excellent series of Tweets on the lies, coverups, and cell phone  …
Coronavirus spreads to Egypt as country confirms Africa's first case 
Juventus legend Buffon racially abusing a Chinese fan and making fun of the coronavirus which has killed and infected thousands. 
Biotech firm Novacyt to launch coronavirus test next week  
“Drowned in demand.” “Genuinely scared.” “Nowhere to put patients.” @Channel4News speaks to health workers on the frontline of the Covid-19 crisis in an exclusive survey. The #c4news documentary Coronavirus: #IsBritainReady. Tonight at 7.30pm on 4.  
BREAKING: Africa has its first confirmed case of coronavirus after a person in Egypt tested positive for the disease. 
San Juan County resident being tested for coronavirus  
Vietnamese authorities quarantined a  near the capital, Hanoi, which is home to 10,000 people, because of fears the coronavirus could spread there  
BREAKING: Egypt records first coronavirus case in Africa 
216/ Alhamdolilah, Pakistan continues to be a #coronavirus free country - the reasons are: we have followed good public health; WHO  and we have hugely strengthened our port of entries. Pakistan has never seen such robust health screening at airports. 
Evergreen - Depopulation - Coronavirus Hillary Clinton, in 2014, played the NUMBER ONE role in allowing Chinese vaccine manufacturers  bypass US vaccine testing requirements  …
Inside a lab where scientists are working urgently to fight the coronavirus outbreak 
I promised to keep Orange County residents informed about developments on coronavirus, regardless of their primary language. The updated FAQ I released this week is available in both English and Chinese. For those who find it helpful, here it is >>  …
I’m calling for a day of fasting and prayer for #China in general and the local #church in particular with the #coronavirus crisis on Saturday February 15th, 2020! 
Some of the worst viral disease outbreaks in recent years – SARS, Ebola and likely #coronavirus – originated in bats. As scientists try to slow the virus, a new study has proposed an answer to why diseases that originate in bats are so deadly. 
Health officials in China say 1,716 medical workers have contracted the novel coronavirus so far, including six who have died of Covid-19, the disease caused by the virus. 
#Gravitas | The Wuhan coronavirus has triggered a new crisis for China. Over 1700 medics who were treating the patients, are now themselves infected. @palkisu brings you the latest 
I don't care if coronavirus brings the entire so called "economy" to a halt. As far as I'm concerned, it is ALL theater until the bodies are piling up in the streets. That's just the way I am. I don't believe.
Face masks and hand sanitizers are the new must-have accessories at London Fashion Week because of coronavirus fears  
Sec. Azar won't rule out a coronavirus link to bioweapons: 
Watch the full special Coronavirus: #IsBritainReady? - tonight on Channel 4 at  …
Union officials at two major General Motors factories in the U.S. are warning that parts shortages resulting from the coronavirus outbreak in China could disrupt production 
As bad as it sounds I believe this #coronavirus 
Special Ep 17- War Room: Pandemic, Alex Azar Won’t Rule Out Coronavirus Link to Bio-Weapon (w/ Senator Tom Cotton)  …
Special report: It's been impossible to avoid the headlines but how bad could the #coronavirus outbreak really get? Watch the full episode on YouTube now  
Chinese woman dons an inflated giraffe costume to hospital as a way to protect her from coronavirus 
WHO says joint China mission to start coronavirus probe this weekend  
As an outbreak of a novel coronavirus has swept through Hubei province, China, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has been preparing for its worst case scenario -- a widespread outbreak of illnesses in the United States. 
American televangelist Jim Bakker is selling a liquid that allegedly ‘kills’ the coronavirus for $300 ... proving he doesn’t need a Gospel theme park to take people for a ride!
First Coronavirus is confirmed in Egypt. (First case on the African Continent). Ministry of Health says the affected person was a foreigner who had been put into isolation at hospital.  …
Passengers and crew aboard a cruise ship, who have been denied entry at several ports because of coronavirus fears, finally disembarked in Cambodia on Friday. Nearly 1,500 passengers were on board. 
"This virus... concerns me the most of everything I've worked on." A scientist at the forefront of researching the coronavirus says it could "potentially" spread to 60% of the population. Watch our special programme at 7.30 on 4 with @mattfrei - Coronavirus: 
Coronavirus wesel kosom masr please wash ur mf hands w stay tf away from me xx
Global health authorities are trying to find out the person who spread the coronavirus globally from Singapore  
Coronavirus UPDATE China Fights Coronavirus with 'Wartime' Measures. Watch 
China's 'oldest coronavirus patient', 96, recovers after being treated in intensive care units for three days 
A lab in US state Montana produced new colored images of the novel #coronavirus ( #SARSCoV2) on its scanning and transmission electron microscopes on Tuesday, Feb. 11, 2020. (Source: NIAID’s Rocky Mountain 
BREAKING: Egypt Records First Coronavirus Case In Africa.  
One of the people diagnosed with #coronavirus in the UK attended a conference near parliament last week along with about 250 other delegates 
Researchers are investigating whether an infusion of antibodies alone can be used as a short-lived—but immediately available—treatment to protect doctors and hospital workers, as well as family members of infected patients, against the coronavirus. 
Goldman Sachs estimates "peak" loss in Chinese #oil demand due to coronavirus at ~4m b/d. Wall Street bank cuts global demand growth forecast for 2020 to 600,000 b/d, down from pre-crisis forecast of 1.1m b/d growth "assuming gradual recovery" | 
Coronavirus: Fake flyers in Los Angeles target Panda Express 
Well, this will weed out some of the evangelicals if we have coronavirus pandemic.  …
She escaped quarantine for novel coronavirus by short-circuiting the electronic lock on the door to her hospital ward. Now she's facing a lawsuit for endangering the public. 
BREAKING: Egypt’s Health Ministry and the World Health Organization announced the first confirmed case of coronavirus in Egypt in a joint statement on Friday. The statement identified the patient as a foreigner though it did not specify his nationality.
Perspective: The coronavirus and the long history of blaming "the other" in public health crises 
A second Chinese citizen journalist has disappeared in Wuhan as authorities tighten control of information about the coronavirus outbreak. 
#Breaking: United States to soon test people with flu symptoms for the #Coronavirus (AFP)
This is totally insane! People doing stupid shit like paying Jim Bakker (a televangelist) $300 for a fake ass #coronavirus potion is how pandemics wipe out exponentially more people. Stop the foolishness!  …
#BREAKING US will test people with flu symptoms for novel coronavirus: official 
BREAKING: @realDonaldTrump is marked "SAFE" from the coronavirus
A perspective on how large and tragic the outbreak of #Coronavirus on the #diamondprinces is: If this were a highly contagious #Norovirus outbreak then it would rank as the 13th largest #Norovirus outbreak in the past decade on a large cruise  …
A @Reuters poll of 40 economists from around the world predicted that China's economy will recover from the #coronavirus outbreak as long as the virus is contained soon  
WOW! Coronavirus outbreak has exposed the US dangerous dependence on China for pharmaceutical & medical supplies, including an estimated 97% of all antibiotics and 80% of the active pharmaceutical ingredients needed to produce drugs in the US. 
