Of all the damning details in this account of Trump admin’s non-response to coronavirus, don’t sleep on “focused on the Phase One deal with China.” That trade “deal” is empty. Vapor. An agreement to work on the big issues later, done to hoodwink Americans ahead of the election.  …
"The UK has recorded 917 new coronavirus deaths, taking the total number of people who have died in hospital with the virus to 9,875. For the second day in a row, more than 900 deaths were recorded in hospitals." - BBC
#BREAKING: A city in southern China has ordered bars and restaurants not to serve customers who appear to be of African origin, citing coronavirus risk. I reckon @DrTedros owes Taiwan an apology for his baseless racism allegation. Then he should confront the CCP’s REAL racism.
Bill Gates: If I were president, this is what I would do now to fight coronavirus. (via 
Washington DC: April 10th POLICE ARE UNSUCCESSFUL IN TRYING TO ENFORCE SOCIAL DISTANCING IN THE PROJECTS As of 7 p.m. local time April 9, Washington, D.C. reported 1,660 confirmed cases of the new coronavirus and 38 deaths associated with it. 
So, a Minister that goes to his holiday home is sacked, but Ministers responsible for #RubyPrincess disaster with 700 #coronavirus cases and 15 deaths still have jobs. #Insiders
Coronavirus stealing James Harden’s moves, smh  …
A whole lot of churches are going to accelerate coronavirus infections in  tomorrow and it's entirely preventable. Please stay home tomorrow, even if your church defies stay-at-home guidelines. And especially so if you're under a storm threat.
Here’s the latest on the coronavirus: - U.S. deaths rise above 20,000 - The Pentagon will fund N95 mask production - The pace of fatalities slows in Spain, France and Germany 
105TH BIRTHDAY: Lt. Colonel Sam Sachs was going to go all out for the milestone birthday, but his plans were thwarted by the coronavirus pandemic. Now, he's asking for cards. 
Why coronavirus could be catastrophic for Venezuela 
Six errors explain why the federal government wasn't up to the coronavirus crisis  via @bopinion
The only reason IMPOTUS doesn't want Americans to #VoteByMail (even though we have the highest #coronavirus death toll in the world) is because he knows damn well that the more people who cast a vote, the bigger he is going to lose. Trump is scared sh!tless of #PresidentBiden 
This 1st paragraph destroys your tweet @realDonaldTrump “New research indicates that the coronavirus began to circulate in the New York area by mid-February, weeks before the first confirmed case, and that travelers brought in the virus mainly from Europe, not Asia.”  …
#Coronavirus #USA 526,396 confirmed cases - the most of any country in the world; about a third of total; equal to the next top three added together. 20,463 dead, (not counting those who died at home without health insurance); the largest number killed in the world.
#Iran ramps up production of #coronavirus test kits 
Taipei’s containment of coronavirus despite exclusion from WHO has reinforced the confidence of many Taiwanese in standing up to what they see as Beijing’s bullying  …
Push-ups to fake guests: Curious African coronavirus moments 
y’all think she knows about coronavirus? 
The coronavirus pandemic that has crippled big-box retailers and mom-and-pop shops worldwide may be making a dent in illicit business, too. 
'We need food': Tunisians struggle under coronavirus lockdown 
Boris Johnson's coronavirus illness never shook me, but the deaths of nearly 10,000 people in Britain to this terrible disease most certainly has
The current social crisis doesn’t mean #capitalism has failed during the #coronavirus pandemic; it continues to function perfectly, having shaped the origins of the crisis and our rulers’ response Capitalism is the real disease our economic system is not fit for purpose 
Creepy Porn Lawyer Michael Avenatti Released From Prison Over Coronavirus Concerns  …
BBC News - Coronavirus: US death toll overtakes Italy as world's highest  …
Newborn babies in a hospital in #Thailand are given face shields to protect them from accidentally contracting the novel #COVID_19 #coronavirus. Read more here:  …
My dog Leo doesn’t understand that nobody came to his BDay because of social distancing. He thinks he has no friends... Please send him fun pics of his dog friends to cheer him up #Coronavirus 
Planned Parenthood asks U.S. Supreme Court to step into the Texas legal battle over whether abortions should be accessible during the coronavirus pandemic. 
Cartoon. #COVID__19 #coronavirus #COVID19SL #digitalsurveillance #privacy #HumanRights #SriLanka 
The ‘Red Dawn’ Emails: 8 Key Exchanges on the Faltering Response to the Coronavirus Experts inside and outside the government identified the threat early on and sought to raise alarms even as Trump was moving slowly.  …
EXCLUSIVE: Top GOP lawmakers voice concerns over restrictions on religious gatherings due to coronavirus  
Kroger, Meijer report deaths of grocery store workers in Michigan from coronavirus 
"WE STOPPED THE BOATS, except the #RubyPrincess" #coronavirus #COVID__19 #auspol
“The push to convince Trump of the need for more assertive action stalled..the focus was..no more alarmist messages...It would be more than 3wks before Trump would announce serious social distancing efforts” during which #of confirmed US coronavirus cases rose from 15 to 4,226
More than 2,200 have died of #coronavirus inside nursing homes but feds aren’t tracking the numbers: report  #FoxNews
You're coughing and your throat hurts — but is it allergies or coronavirus symptoms? 
NEW! Amazon whistleblower & strike organizer Chris Smalls ( @Shut_downAmazon) joins us to discuss his fight for worker's rights at Amazon facilities during the pandemic. #Pandemic #Coronavirus #COVID19 #chrissmalls #workersfirst #shutdownamazon 
Third reported death from #coronavirus in #Haiti out of 33 cases. All had underlying conditions: diabetes, heart problems, hypertension, etc. Important to know the first reported case was an attorney whose relatives denied he had the virus. They said he tested NEGATIVE.
DeSantis aide pressures ⁦ @MiamiHerald⁩ law firm to squelch #coronavirus records suit | Miami Herald  …
Michael Avenatti wins temporary break from jail over coronavirus fears but will not have internet access or be allowed to leave his home except for medical emergencies.
Push-ups to fake guests: Curious African coronavirus moments 
The aftermath of today’s Crawford coal plant demolition in Little Village. Very concerning considering the impact the #coronavirus pandemic has on respiratory health. Video ->  (Video: Alejandro 
It doesn’t cause coronavirus? Wow MKBHD is part of the deep state derp derp derp!!! Lol
Tally of COVID-19 cases worldwide as of April 12, 6:52am: • Over 1.7 million positive cases • More than 108,000 deaths • At least 401,000 recoveries Follow this thread for global news on the coronavirus pandemic  
I got to spend several hours this week inside of @ololhealth's coronavirus intensive care units. Slightly surreal to see the work that these heroic docs, nurses, RTs & others do with my own eyes. Here's what I wrote about it:  …
NEW: Florida’s count of coronavirus deaths is missing some cases. The state isn't counting snowbirds who die here if they’re residents of another state. Tons of important insights from @kmcgrory  …
Being a person of color isn’t a risk factor for coronavirus. Living in a racist country is - The Boston Globe  …
Sen. @MarshaBlackburn told Breitbart News Saturday that the United States needs to hold China’s feet to the fire for its central role in the coronavirus pandemic, stressing that its position in key organizations needs to be reexamined. 
While Trump has made every White House coronavirus briefing about himself, many of the world’s leaders let medical experts brief the public. 
A surprising number of patients have obvious coronavirus symptoms but still test negative, doctors say 
ICYMI - Report: Wuhan Funeral Homes Burned Coronavirus Victims Alive 
CONFIRMED: Plankton tests positive for Coronavirus 
NEWS RELEASE!! UNIVERSITY OF GHANA SCIENTISTS SEQUENCE GENOMES OF NOVEL CORONAVIRUS. NMIMR and WACCBIC Scientists have successfully sequenced genomes of SARS-CoV-2, the virus responsible for the global COVID-19 pandemic. @WACCBIP_UG 
So glad to have received shipment of bone marrow for our stem cell treatment against #COVID19 . Great work being done in #LA by the @nantkwest and @immunitybio teams #MesenchymalStemCells #MSC #Coronavirus 
And now for an important message. If you live in Arizona, California, Florida, Iowa, Maine, Montana, New York, Texas, Utah, or Vermont, I’m offering free telemedicine video visits with our team of doctors for coronavirus evaluations and smoking cessation. 
The ‘Red Dawn’ Emails: 8 Key Exchanges on the Trump White House’s Faltering Response to the Coronavirus. Experts inside and outside the government identified the threat early on and sought to raise alarms even as President Trump was moving slowly. 
Avenatti Released From Prison Amid Coronavirus Fears  …
We have lost 20,500 Americans to #coronavirus in 5 weeks. Why hadn’t the so-called United States ordered the American flag to be flown at half-mast??
Creepy Porn Lawyer Michael Avenatti Released From Prison Over Coronavirus Concerns  … @CassandraRules
Apparently Coronavirus can travel farther than Texas rushers have been able to average over the last 4 seasons.  …
22-year-old woman youngest to die in Georgia from coronavirus:  
Santa Clara County's executive officer — a doctor — tells @paigestjohn that the latest data suggests the coronavirus was circulating in California “a lot longer than we first believed” — most likely since “back in December.”  …
This blockbuster story from the New York Times makes it abundantly clear: the  Trump administration is the best friend a coronavirus could ever have.  …
Coronavirus: Easter celebrations continue under lockdown 
#insiders seriously not interested in the views of journalists on whether #lockdown should continue, most of them are way behind on the science and think we just have to pause for a few months until a vaccine magically arrives, their opinions are rubbish #insiders #coronavirus
Seismic loss in NY real estate world - Stanley Chera, the friend who President Trump talked about from the White House as a coronavirus victim, has died  related to the disease.  …
“These final days of February...illustrated Trump’s inability or unwillingness to absorb  at him. He instead reverted to his traditional political playbook..., squandering vital time as the coronavirus spread silently across the country.”  …
Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy will sanction the sale of Harry Kane for a world-record fee of £200m due to financial worries and exasperation with the player for going off-message during the coronavirus crisis. #mulive [mail]
Proud hospital matron who posed with Boris Johnson loses life to coronavirus  …
As of today's Coronavirus death count, Trump is now at 5,116 Benghazis.
Over 20K Americans have died from Coronavirus. Over 500K Americans have been infected. Almost 17M Americans are currently unemployed. GOPers won’t investigate that because it isn’t as important to them as trying to pin 4 American deaths on Hillary Clinton or President Obama.
Left Lagos because of Coronavirus only to land smack in the middle of the den of theives and daring armed robbers in Ota. Everything in Nigeria is trying to kill you.
The Bishops of Latin America are to perform an Act of Consecration to the Virgin of #Guadalupe on Sunday, praying for the end oto the #coronavirus pandemic. 
Alastair Campbell: Jacinda Ardern’s coronavirus plan is working because unlike others, she’s behaving like a true leader  …
NYT flags 8 key exchanges in the ‘Red Dawn’ emails detailing Trump’s ‘faltering response to coronavirus’  …
Michelle Obama Says She Feels 'Newfound Sense of Gratitude' amid Coronavirus Pandemic in Easter Message 
French Doctor Leads Charge for Treating Coronavirus With Antimalarial Drug  …
More than 2,200 coronavirus deaths in nursing homes, but federal government isn't tracking them
New York City advocates are calling on the city to create a  fund for first responders on the frontlines of the coronavirus crisis, to protect their families should they die from the disease. 
"Perhaps this war will pass like the others which divided us leaving us dead, killing us along with the killers but the shame of this time puts its burning fingers to our faces. Who will erase the ruthlessness hidden in innocent blood?" Pablo Neruda #Coronavirus #COVID19
After the rate of coronavirus deaths among Latinos was made public, Gov. Cuomo says New York is "going to do more testing in  He has announced the state will research why coronavirus deaths and infections are more prevalent  of color. (5/6)
The US also has 5X population of South Korea which has experienced 211 deaths due to coronavirus COVID-19. South Korea reported their 1st case EXACT SAME DAY w/US -Jan 20th. So simple math 211 x 5 = 1055. Senator plz  w/US @20,555. Over 1000 JUST THIS MORNING.
525 cases 20,400 deaths and 17 million unemployed from #Coronavirus in 5 weeks, but Donald Trump is attacking the New York Times. #UnfitToBePresident
Do you want to know who has played the GREATEST role in destroying the economy and locking you in your home? It’s the MEDIA, and this documentary explains HOW and WHY they do it. Your entire reality is shaped by LIARS! FULL VIDEO ->  #Coronavirus 
Scott Morrison has his eye on making the Australian economy self-sufficient on the other side of the coronavirus crisis, UTS Professor Warren Hogan says.  …
AMAZING: 95-Year-Old Veteran BEATS Coronavirus!  …
Hundreds of meat workers have now tested positive for coronavirus  …
Total number of #COVID19 deaths in #NY will soon pass #Italy. Deaths in NJ and MI also continue to rise, followed by LA, CA, and FL. Even though the number of new #coronavirus cases per day *appears* be flattening, deaths will continue to rise for weeks. April will be hell. 
#NY has the highest number of #COVID19 deaths per day (outside #China), but the curve is starting to flatten, now that new #coronavirus cases have flattened. Daily new deaths still remain high in #Spain (Madrid/Catalonia) and #Italy (Lombardy), well AFTER new cases 
12 residents of a home for military veterans in Spokane have tested positive for coronavirus 
Italy's daily coronavirus death toll and new cases push higher  
So now the Fake News @nytimes is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe, NOT China. This is a first! I wonder what the Failing New York Times got for this one? Are there any NAMED sources? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs, and obviously want back in. Sad!
CDC  separating newborns from moms to help stop spread of coronavirus  …
growing out my hair and my beard, spending time in solitary, hermetic contemplation, smoking lots of weed reading wikipedia articles about the planets and deep sea creatures etc. coronavirus has made me adopt "the wizard lifestyle"
It's pretty easy to get a coronavirus test. You just need a pre-existing wealth condition.
America should seize China's U.S.-based assets and remove its sovereign immunity  for the coronavirus, advised China policy expert Steve Mosher. 
Has anyone heard the term ‘cash splash’ used by the media in reference to the current Liberal Government’s Coronavirus spending? I’ve not. Do ya reckon it would’ve been on high rotation if Bill Shorten was running the same policies in response to the crisis? #insiders
If America really thought that the reason black and brown people were dying from the #coronavirus at disproportionate levels was cuz of drinking and smoking! Why did they close church’s but make sure liquor stores stayed open! #TeamDl
Investigation: How Anti-Israel Activists Are Hijacking The Coronavirus Crisis And Turning It Against Israel  …
Guards deliver groceries and packages, run errands and help with coronavirus-related requests. “It’s more hospitality-driven than policing.” 
Who would you prefer to be in power during the Coronavirus Pandemic Please RT to ensure everyone gets a chance to vote
Through @FEMA’s air bridge, critical medical supplies are reaching the hardest hit areas across the country as they fight the #coronavirus pandemic. 
Coronavirus Lockdown: Channels re-run Salman Khan’s films on television to achieve spike in TRPs 
Democrats are fighting for money for small businesses, and hospitals, and testing, and our state and local governments, and more to help fight coronavirus.
Health secretary twice warned Trump about coronavirus threat: NYT  
There are some pundits in Mexico arguing that coronavirus will affect rich and poor alike. In reality, upper middle class people can self-isolate until a vaccine is available while working class families will struggle to make it through the first month of quarantine 
Today we reached a grim milestone. More people have died from coronavirus in America than in any other nation. Over 20,000 deaths. Almost 7 times the terrible loss of life on 9/11. And all of it was preventable. We will never forget.
White House rejects bailout for Postal Service battered by coronavirus  … @realDonaldTrump sir what a dumb ass idea , you will Fire nearly 500,000 Americans 4 months before the election, These are living wage jobs . What the hell are you thinking ? @FoxNews
Here are 5 takeaways from our examination of the Trump administration’s slow response to the coronavirus pandemic 
Trump was told in late January about a memo from Navarro warning of the effects of the coronavirus. Trump denied seeing it. But according to records and current and former officials who spoke to the Times, that wasn’t true.  …
Turkey's coronavirus death toll rises to 1,101 - minister  
The coronavirus outbreak is hitting Hispanics in New York City harder than any other racial group. Latinos make up 29% of the city's population, but 34% of all coronavirus deaths in the city.  … (1/6) #NBCNewsThreads
90% of Coronavirus Hospitalized Patients Have Underlying Conditions  … via @BreitbartNews
The scene in the movie Contagion vs. what’s happening now in New York from the Coronavirus. It’s crazy how books, and movies can really predict what can happen in the future... 
The NYT is tracking nursing homes and long-term care centers with coronavirus outbreaks. If you live or work in one of these centers, or if someone in your family does, we'd like to hear from you.  …
Watching while people die. Imagine if you acted and helped save lives. #COVID #coronavirus #CoronavirusPandemic
White House rejects bailout for U.S. Postal Service battered by coronavirus. CV has pushed USPS to the brink, but Trump & Mnuchin shot down emergency aid. Trump threatened to veto the $2 trillion Cares Act, if the legislation provided money directed to bail out the postal agency.
Republican Devin Nunes could be sued for spreading COVID-19 misinformation suggests hometown newspaper columnist #coronavirus  …
NEW: Texas abortion providers are asking the Supreme Court to take emergency action against Gov. Greg Abbott’s coronavirus abortion ban. The ban is intended to preserve personal protective equipment (PPE) in order to fight the coronavirus pandemic.  …
P.S. Ian Williams, the author, talks about how doctors will ask patients, “Who is the president of the United States?” One of my #coronavirus roommates at the hospital would always respond, "Don't make me say that man's name." #COVID19 #Covid_19
An account of ICU delirium, which some patients on #ventilators will experience. Scary. (I count myself lucky; I haven't had it.)  #ventilator #coronavirus #COVID19 #Covid_19
An impressive tool to #3D print a #PPE mask holder! @bellus3d gift to #Healthcare workers during #COVID19 #Coronavirus @ExponentialMed @#SoMe4Surgery @AmCollSurgeons  @TomVargheseJr @meganranney @SWexner @juliomayol @BrennanSpiegel @ShafiAhmed5 
So with a shortage of PPE, no resolution to the lack of testing, disproportionate impacts of #coronavirus on Black & Brown people, punk ass Bill Maher advocates for a xenophobic/racist name for #Covid19. If you want to name it after a group it should be the #GOPTrumpVirus.  … 
The coronavirus pandemic is giving some U.S. states a taste of what an all-mail election in November would look like 
Economy needs a more decentralised lockdown writes Dr @Swamy39 ji  … The Indian economy is headed for trouble partly because of a situation not of our making—the coronavirus pandemic & partly because of our last 6 years of inappropriate economic policies
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo: Coronavirus deaths are stabilizing at a "horrific rate"  
News Release - University of Ghana Scientists Sequence Genomes of Novel Coronavirus. Read full story here...  … #Covid_19 #StaySafe #StayAtHome @UnivGh_VC @aba_amfo @NMIMR_UG @univers1057fm 
The Virus That Brought The World To Its Knees: Except #coronavirus  from someone eating a bat Bat was natural (primary) host There was an intermediate host Evidence points to pangolin as most likely intermediate host of SARS-CoV-2  
Health care workers are attaching photos of themselves without masks to their PPE to ease coronavirus patients’ fears. “A reassuring smile makes a big difference to a scared patient," respiratory therapist Robertino Rodriguez, who started the trend, said. 
I have written some considerations on the use of the war rhetoric in the coronavirus pandemic @The Disorder of Things. Thanks to @drljshepherd &  …
The streetwear industry is taking steps to respond to the ongoing #coronavirus crisis. From sales to special product releases, here’s what boutiques and independent brands are doing during COVID-19:  
Why we need #M4A: “We lost our only  due to coronavirus, so we are living on unemployment for now. I am high-risk & so is my daughter. We both have asthma but I also suffer other conditions. #MedicareForAll & regulating drug costs would greatly increase my quality of life.”
On Easter, Queens church will mourn loss of priest to coronavirus - CNN  …
Maybe this has already been stated a bunch of times but do you get the feeling that when @realDonaldTrump uses the term "invisible enemy" he's talking about something other than the Coronavirus?
Closing schools is the latest example. De Blasio makes an announcement his school system will stay closed. Cuomo says NO for no conceivable reason. It's a farce because coronavirus will 100 percent keep public schools shut through June and everyone knows this.
I asked some of #BC’s resource-industry workers how they feel about being an essential service during #COVID19. They’re scared. My latest for @TheTyee. #bcpoli #coronavirus  …
For 1st time, African officials are confronting China publicly over racist attacks of Africans. China, where Covid-19 started, is brutally evicting them over coronavirus. US says black Americans targeted too.  …
Just made these to surprise twins!! Heehee! They didn’t teach this at law school, but they’re full of love!!! #HappyEaster #family #HolySaturday #Quarantine #EasterAtHome #coronavirus #EasterWeekend #CrimeStories #FoxNation 
They also mailed me Trump's plan for defeating Coronavirus on a postcard. So, yup. Totally doable.
These types of headlines are misleading. Correct headline: "Coronavirus RNA found in air samples up to 13 ft from patients" To know if it's dangerous, you need to do cell cultures and get replicating virus. Evidence of nucleic acid isn't sufficient.  …
hey lil babies, i’m seeing reports that coronavirus is slowing down! 2020 still MIGHT be ours, just hold the fuck onnn
Sudan's health minister says country needs $120 million to fight coronavirus  
I give you New Orleans in the age of coronavirus... 
Two hundred veterans have died from the coronavirus at Department of Veterans Affairs hospitals across the country, the department said Friday.  …
Planned Parenthood asks U.S. Supreme Court to step into the Texas legal battle over whether abortions should be accessible during the coronavirus pandemic. 
Coronavirus: Borders to stay closed for now, travellers urged to 'see Australia first' once curbs eased. Sensible policy in terms of the pandemic and preventing more imported #COVID cases. We cannot  spread.  …
US surpasses Italy for most deaths from coronavirus  
UNITED STATES: US Navy says 550 crew on the USS Theodore Roosevelt have tested positive for coronavirus
Coronavirus Tour in Europe: UK: 5,233 new cases Turkey: 5,138 new cases France: 4,785 new cases Spain: 4,754 new cases Italy: 4,694 new cases Germany: 3,021 new cases Russia: 1,667 new cases Belgium: 1,351 new cases Netherlands: 1,316 new cases This is just the last 24 hours.
The government faces a chorus of cross-party calls on Sunday for the urgent recall of parliament in “virtual” form as MPs and peers demand the right to hold ministers to account over the escalating coronavirus crisis.  …
Trump was informed in late January of dire coronavirus memo from Peter Navarro, NYT reports 
military's intelligence warned Trudeau about the emergence of the deadly novel coronavirus in Wuhan, China in early January. All Liberal Cabinet Members including #CowardInTheCottage can all go to hell and fuck them all. Rage cannot describe my  …
After miraculously recovering from coronavirus, Anna Fortunato is offering hope to everyone else feeling afraid amid the pandemic. 
. LEFTIST CRIME - AVENATTI RELEASED from PRISON under BS VIRUS & PRISONS SCAM Michael Avenatti Released From Prison Over Coronavirus Concerns - to be on Ankle Monitor . Same group that 'protected' Epstein ...  …
Due to #COVID19 aka #Coronavirus Ill be sending the first 500 people to like & retweet this $300 -$1500 through CashApp , Zelle , Venmo or Apple Pay #drop all tags  #Stimuluscheck
National U23 captain Yaw Yeboah is one of many Ghanaian players living through the strain of coronavirus in Europe. He tells @tv3_ghana about how he is coping in Spain and the double strain of keeping an eye on the family back home. 
The U.S. lost 10,000 people to coronavirus in the last five days.
Britain's Prime Minister Boris Johnson was making "very good progress" in his recovery in hospital from coronavirus, officials said, as the country's deaths toll from the disease approached the grim milestone of 10,000 
Hey there @JohnCornyn, since you think population should be taken into account when discussing Coronavirus deaths: can you explain why the US has 6.3 times the population of South Korea, but 100 times (and climbing as many deaths from the virus? Maybe @realDonaldTrump knows.
Less than 40 countries have 5G networks. More than 180 countries have coronavirus outbreaks. The stupidity is unreal  …
I was supposed to run my first 10K today but then Coronavirus hit and everything was cancelled. So you know what I did? I ran my first 10K today 
BDS leader widely mocked for saying it’d be OK to take Israeli-developed coronavirus vaccine  …
Congressional Republicans nix Democratic bid for broader coronavirus relief  
When you realize that every single mainstream health  makes the coronavirus more severe: - Eat more carbs & gluten - Avoid the sun - Eat seed oils instead of animal fats - Cut out red meat - Eat less salt - Lower cholesterol - Eat more inflammatory vegetables 
On 13th March @OfficeofUT closed all Cinemas in Maharashtra, signalling Coronavirus is reaching unmanageable proportion. Yet Modi waited 11 days, to install BJP Govt in MP, and endangered lives of Indians; before declaring Lockdown on 24th.
Palestinian clothing manufacturers in Gaza are now churning out personal protective equipment to protect against the coronavirus, a boost to an economy devastated by Israel's blockade  
Today's bombshell @nytimes deep-dive shows that "throughout January," Trump "repeatedly played down the seriousness of the virus."  … But @JoeBiden sounded the alarm about coronavirus in January.  …
Yeter family's lawyer: The letter to the Cemeteries Directorate states the cause as “coronavirus”. However, the Chief Prosecutor says it was “gangrene”. Besides, although his family was not informed, the official statement regarding the issue states that they're informed.  …
And from what I understand, The patient was only tested for Coronavirus at LASUTH after spending weeks in Alimosho GH exposed to almost all the doctors, nurses, and staff of the pregnancy/labour unit. Just imagine how they felt getting a phone call telling them she’s positive.
The coronavirus has shown just how unprepared we were for a major outbreak. We know this won’t be our last, so a 9/11 Commission-style panel is necessary to fix these mistakes going forward and apply the lessons from this pandemic to future crises.  …
Amazon, Uber, Instacart workers say  aren’t doing enough to protect them from #coronavirus:  …
Italians may be singing their way through #coronavirus catastrophe + NYers banging pots, but Americans are howling their way. Poet Walt Whitman would be proud of the people of Mill Valley, CA, and their nightly ritual  howling out their windows  …
If you could eliminate coronavirus by simply sacrificing one human who would it be and why Hillary Clinton?
A new gig for Rudd. The former Labor prime minister has joined an International Monetary Fund external advisory group to tackle issues including the coronavirus and its global economic impact. 
Behind closed doors, Trump's coronavirus task force boosts industry and sows confusion. By ⁦  …
Twitter is giving me errors saying the tweets can’t be sent, or that I’ve already sent that tweet when I didn’t. I can’t upload new content related to coronavirus.
Did you ever notice when the #CoronaVirus was killing the Italians and Spanish by the thousands! Not one Government official blamed it on them drinking and smoking! #TeamDl
Noticed a real uptick in people watching my 5G: Explained video and a lot of people asking about coronavirus… Lemme save you a little research: 5G doesn’t “cause” coronavirus. Can’t believe I actually have to say that.  
Coronavirus is hitting the  hard. Full piece:  
. @ICEgov has now brought home over 1,000 stranded US citizens stuck in foreign countries amid #coronavirus travel restrictions through ICE Air. More:  
Look 4G or 5G this coronavirus can’t take out a real G , ya feel me
Trump was informed in late January of a memo from White House economic adviser Peter Navarro that warned the coronavirus could kill up to half a million Americans and cost trillions of dollars, the New York Times reports.  …
Dalglish out of hospital after his surprise coronavirus test result. 
Sorry that Luke Skywalker and Han Solo couldn’t make it to your birthday party...they are both in quarantine. Happy Birthday @MarcusSMI May the FORCE...not the CORONAVIRUS...be with you. 
Behind closed doors, Trump's coronavirus task force boosts industry and sows confusion  … via @nbcnews
"An administration that has lagged behind at nearly every step of the pandemic still has no plan for when or how to reopen parts of the economy...or getting vital medical supplies to states...or how to respond if the coronavirus surges again in the fall."  …
I'm hopeful that a Great Revival is the  of the Coronavirus Outbreak. I'm not saying that this Pandemic is the wrath of God on a wicked world, but I am saying that this is a very scary episode in our history. In times of great danger, to whom can we turn but to the Lord?
Feds say drive-through gun sales are allowed during coronavirus outbreak  …
Horrendous - a @McDonalds in Guangzhou. African migrants in #Guangzhou subjected to horrendous racism wherever they turn #China #coronavirus 
CORONAVIRUS: Members of the International Red Cross at Panama Pacifico International Airport load boxes of humanitarian aid, medical supplies, consumables and tents into an aircraft heading to Ecuador, one of the countries most affected by COVID-19 in Latin America. (AFP) 
Your "stimulus" check during the coronavirus pandemic. #ThingsAmazonWontDeliver
Brooklyn fire station brought to its knees by coronavirus as 11 firefighters test positive 
Abortion providers on Saturday asked the U.S. Supreme Court to take emergency action to restore “essential, time-sensitive medication abortion services" in Texas during the coronavirus pandemic. 
It’s not letting me send a new tweet about coronavirus. This is a test tweet
Pollution drops 30 percent in Northeastern US amid coronavirus restrictions  
#BreakingNews First Time in History @POTUS has declared a #MajorEmergency in all 50 States due to #coronavirus 1.75 Million cases worldwide confirmed + more than 100K deaths Is this what we do now when bronchitis makes its rounds next year? 
Why is age a factor in COVID-19? @GordanLauc and I just published why we should suspect the changing patterns of sugars our cells attach to #coronavirus, its cellular target ACE2 & to antibodies we need to clear the virus  
Let’s let out the criminals because of Coronavirus, but if you are going 10mph over the speed limit you have to go to court
You know what’s a waste of time? Watching cable news and tweeting instead of working on a coherent federal strategy  coronavirus.  …
#BREAKING: #SaudiArabia is extending the curfew it imposed across the Kingdom until further notice, according to an order issued by King Salman following the surge in #coronavirus cases. 
Trump’s campaign economic message pivots from success story to a pitch that he can lead  Democrats hammer his coronavirus response. 
Secret of why North Korea is free of coronavirus until today. 
"Senior health officials are facing demands to reveal how much has been spent on millions of inaccurate coronavirus antibody tests [...] payments had been guaranteed even if the kits failed to work." Ferryless ferries again, with more deadly consequences.  …
20,000 Americans have died from coronavirus.  about news he doesn’t like. 
Rand Paul is volunteering at a hospital after he RECOVERED from CoronaVirus! Dems won’t do that unless it’s on TV as a fundraiser.
The failure to protect the helpless old and the shunned prisoners — or to brave the taboo of shutting down a Sunday sermon — may prolong the coronavirus’s grip 
PAY Attention! — Coronavirus: Trump has declared major disaster in all 50 states at once, first time in history  …
Coronavirus titer testing will follow the classic bait and switch tactic. At first they will accept testing as a vaccine exemption, but later will adopt classic titer denialism. (my 2nd try since my original Tweet disappeared)  …
Italy gave China PPE to help with coronavirus — then China made them buy it back | Spectator USA  …
Weeks before the coronavirus spread through much of the world, parts of Africa were already threatened by another kind of plague, the biggest locust outbreak some countries had seen in 70 years. 
"These final days of February...illustrated Mr. Trump’s inability or unwillingness to absorb  at him. He instead reverted to his traditional political playbook... squandering vital time as the coronavirus spread silently across the country." 
Whats more deadly? COVID-19 or CoronaVirus?
Hair Gropenführer  about boring TV on a weekend while 2,000 of his citizens are dying daily from the coronavirus. That’s some special level of motherfuckery right there. Jesus H. Christ America, somebody do something, ANYTHING, to get rid of this oxygen thief.  …
Researchers sprayed the coronavirus on materials to see how long it remains infectious. It liked stainless steel and plastic the best and copper the least. So far, however, there is no definitive proof the virus is actually spread via inanimate objects. 
It’s utterly appalling that we now have government ministers shifting blame onto the NHS for a lack of PPE. The Tories defunded the NHS for a decade. They didn’t react to the Coronavirus crisis until it was too late. The heartbreaking death rate curve is on them, no one else.
These European countries are extending the #coronavirus lockdown for several more weeks: Germany Italy Spain France More via @business  
US coronavirus cases per 1,000 residents: 9.3 - New York 6.6 - New Jersey 4.3 - Louisiana 3.3 - Massachusetts 3.0 - Connecticut 2.5 - Washington DC 2.4 - Michigan 2.2 - Rhode Island 1.7 - Pennsylvania 1.5 - Illinois 1.4 - Delaware 1.3 - Washington 1.3 - Maryland 1.2 - Georgia
The case against small government Can you imagine a private  providing a wage subsidy? Free childcare? Stopping people being evicted from their homes? Hospitalising & looking after people who coronavirus and doing it for free?  …
Check your balance: Coronavirus stimulus money starts to flow into bank accounts. (via 
Today, The Queen released her first ever Easter message to the Commonwealth. "...This year, Easter isn't canceled; indeed, we need Easter as much as ever... We know that coronavirus will not  us. As dark as death can be—light and life are greater." #cdnpoli 
President Trump repeatedly played down the seriousness of the coronavirus threat even as top White House advisors and intelligence experts sounded alarms and called for aggressive action.  
Dozens of interviews with current and former officials and a review of emails and records revealed many previously unreported details about the Trump administration’s halting response to the spread of the deadly coronavirus.
President Trump was slow to absorb the scale of the risk the coronavirus pandemic posed to the U.S. and to act accordingly, our examination of the administration’s response reveals 
Maher: ‘We Should Blame China’ for Coronavirus, ‘Not Racist’ to Say Eating Bats Is ‘Crazy’ “So why should China get a pass?” “Seriously, it scares me that ...people out there who would rather die from the virus than call it by the wrong name.”  …
Michael Avenatti has been temporarily released from prison over coronavirus concerns? When will CNN have him back on?
#Coronavirus: Trump has declared major disaster in all 50 states at once, first time in history. Was this the “Decision” he was talking about making on ⁦ @TuckerCarlson⁩ last night? Calling a disaster releases #FEMA $$for relief. What say  …
Hundreds of staff who work at Goodison Park on matchdays are put on government's furlough scheme because of the coronavirus. #EFC
GOOD NEWS! As of today, April 11, a total of 1,617 Texans have recovered from the coronavirus.  
ESRB not impacted by the coronavirus, no delays in assigning game ratings  
Boris Johnson says he ‘owes his life’ to NHS staff after coronavirus treatment  …
Shinzo Abe called on people nationwide to refrain from visiting late-night entertainment venues to prevent the spread of the coronavirus 
Op-ed: "The obsession with office 'face time' hurts women. When the #coronavirus pandemic is behind us, let’s not return to it." via  …
It was her second address on coronavirus, following a televised address that aired last weekend.  …
A 44-year-old nurse on the front lines of treating coronavirus patients in Long Island has died after contracting the virus  …
Coronavirus: Trump has declared major disaster in all 50 states at once, first time in history  …
JUST IN: Americans are starting to receive their cash payments via direct deposits, part of the $2T bill passed by Congress to stimulate the economy after the decline caused by the coronavirus pandemic. 
Coronavirus: Trump has declared major disaster in all 50 states at once, first time in history  …
525 cases 20,400 deaths and 17 million unemployed from #Coronavirus in 5 weeks, but Donald Trump is attacking the New York Times. #UnfitToBePresident
The U.S. now has the world’s deadliest coronavirus outbreak 
A Pennsylvania family is not allowing the coronavirus pandemic to steal the joy out of their son's recent adoption ceremony. “You two angels, you’re husband and wife, are going to guarantee a life of happiness and love for this child,” said the Judge. 
#COVID19 has hit more than 2,100 nursing homes, killing over 2,300 people. “It ultimately tells us our efforts to prevent this have been ineffective,” and the national tally is “the tip of the iceberg.”  … MT @DavidCGrabowski via @SarahLenzLock #coronavirus 
As governors plead for aid, Republican leaders in Congress said Saturday they prefer replenishing a $350 billion small business program rather than negotiate the broader coronavirus package Democrats are pushing with the White House. 
Canadian legislators expected to pass wage subsidy as coronavirus spreads  
@BahaiBIC is deeply concerned for the well-being of Baha’is that remain in prison in Iran, as health risks associated with the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) raise concern for their health.  … #Bahais #HumanRights #Iran #Coronavirus #COVIDー19
No Postal Service= No Mail in Ballots=Trumps Chances of Victory in 2020 going up. White House rejects bailout for Postal Service battered by coronavirus - The Washington Post  …
We used to long to go here, now we long for it to be open again! May Allah heal the world soon of the coronavirus - Ameen. 
NEW: For the first time since coronavirus outbreak, the UK reports the most new cases of coronavirus outside the U.S.
Whether you are a Catholic or not, the view at the bottom of this video is worth the watch. Happy #Easter @NBCNewYork #coronavirus 
He says that bullshit at every MAGA #coronavirus briefing. Every single day.
Coronavirus Tour in Africa: Egypt: 145 new cases Morocco: 97 new cases Algeria: 64 new cases Niger: 53 new cases Guinea: 38 new cases Ghana: 30 new cases South Africa: 25 new cases Tunisia: 14 new cases Senegal: 13 new cases Nigeria: 13 new cases Just last 24 hours alone.
Only 21 weeks until the first Saturday football season. Hopefully we can end the coronavirus scourge by then and enjoy some football. 
France reports dozens of cases of heart incidents linked to treating coronavirus patients with hydroxychloroquine, the malaria drug President Trump has repeatedly touted as a potential “game changer” 
Rudd lands coronavirus gig  … Kevin Rudd joins IMF advisory group. If you’ve never prayed before, now is the time to start given this announcement. IMF, CEO mentioned “exceptional & diverse group of eminent individuals.” RUDD exceptional!! God Help Us
Residents in some Utah counties still going about their normal lives despite coronavirus pandemic. 
And who will also fight tooth and nail to prevent them getting a pay rise after this is over. #Borisjohnson #coronavirus
UNITED STATES: President Trump says New York Times were thrown out of China 'like dogs' and are trying to get back in by 'tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe, NOT China'
Will Trump and his enablers ever face accountability for the coronavirus massacre? 
#Iran: #Coronavirus infection of prisoners in Fashafouyeh and Evin Prisons (Fifth series of documents) A record of Crime Against Humanity by the supreme leader Khamenei and head of the judiciary Ebrahim Raisi  …
Further investigation into the PR firms hired by LA County to guide #coronavirus messaging reveals: 1) Fraser’s CEO was charged w/ insider trading of a client’s stock. Settled for $91,530. 2) Mercury was implicated in Mueller probe as “company A” for foreign influence peddling.  …
My friend and fellow @forensicnewsnet team member @robertjdenault was diagnosed with Coronavirus and has battled back to near full health. We will be holding a live stream on Tuesday at 5 Eastern if you have questions for him or me about Coronavirus or anything! Ask any q's here.
The Eurogroup's €540bn coronavirus package is insufficient. But just for some perspective on how hard intergovernmentalism is outside of the EU: the G7 foreign ministers could not even agree on how to call the virus.
Microsoft thinks coronavirus will forever change the way we work and learn  
“Virus sends Holocaust survivors behind doors, back in time. For Olga Weiss, the order to stay home is about much more than simply locking her door to the coronavirus. It has awakened fears from decades ago when she & her parents hid inside for 2 years.”  
Data show @realDonaldTrump was right to push for Easter open. This Easter week is a perfect time to begin to ressurect our economy and get the country back to work again. Shutting down the country is no longer a viable way to deal with this contagion. #coronavirus  …
Continuing great news from Italy as the increase in coronavirus Covid-19 cases is slowing down (from 6,557 on 3/21 to 4,694 today), the number of the daily deaths is decreasing (from 919 on 3/27 to 619 today), and the total daily recoveries going up  
On 31st January, the World Health Organisation declared coronavirus a "public health emergency of international concern". 39 days later, 60,000 people attended the 1st day of the Cheltenham Festival, one of the UK's premier horse racing events. Public inquiry, anyone?
Doctors and nurses demonstrate breathing techniques proven to help with coronavirus symptoms  …
JUST IN: Reproductive rights groups ask Supreme Court to ease Texas abortion restrictions amid coronavirus pandemic  
JUST IN: The Los Angeles County Department of Public Health has confirmed 25 new deaths and 456 new cases of the #coronavirus.
There is unprecedented cruelty and deliberate callousness 600,000 workers| 6,000 in quarantine| 500 positive| 19 postal workers dead so far| post office handles 'last mile' for many rural areas @WhiteHouse rejects bailout for U.S. Postal Service @USPS battered by #coronavirus
Back in mid-March, OANN’s Chanel Rion floated the conspiracy theory that the coronavirus was connected to a “Biosafety Level 3 lab in North Carolina.” This was right when Chinese diplomats were pushing the claim that COVID-19 originated w/ the US military. 
Immigrants Self-Deporting from U.S. to Avoid Possible Coronavirus Infection 
New York hospitals could soon 'completely run out' of swabs needed for coronavirus testing 
Professor John Ashton: "The government needs to be "completely honest" about coronavirus deaths because "we really don't know the full picture"  …
‘Boris Johnson came close to death as he fought coronavirus in an intensive care unit, his friends revealed last night.’ Great Mail scoop in which unnamed friends exclusively reveal public information from a week ago while ignoring All The Deaths 
The coronavirus shows that Britain isn’t as good as Ireland, says Fintan O’Toole. Via 
530K is a huge number. Hard to imagine. Let me help. The entire state of #Wyoming has a population of 579K. Our #coronavirus cases will reach that #in the next 24 hours. An entire state's population. Is #Easter still the timeline, @realDonaldTrump? #trumpcovidfails 
WWE Confirms First Case of Coronavirus Ahead of Monday Night 'Raw' 
Disgraceful Why a Doctor Threatens to Withhold Coronavirus Treatments From Local Politicians and Their Families  …
And they mailed us to Coronavirus postcard a few weeks ago
Brexit under threat as overwhelming majority say extend deal deadline due to coronavirus 
Coronavirus can travel up to 13 feet: study  
Just one study but scary if true. Social distancing is the main defence. High Contagiousness and Rapid Spread of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 - PubMed 
If your kids have questions about #coronavirus, a new e-book from @nosycrow with pictures by Axel Scheffler, illustrator of The Gruffalo, is available to download free. Learn more and find links to download at  
Coronavirus update, Europe: - UK: 5,233 new cases - Turkey: 5,138 new cases - France: 4,785 new cases - Spain: 4,754 new cases - Italy: 4,694 new cases - Germany: 3,021 new cases - Russia: 1,667 new cases - Belgium: 1,351 new cases - Netherlands: 1,316 new cases
WATCH: Julian Assange's newly revealed partner, and mother of their 2 young children, speaks for the first time: Urges UK government to bail her vulnerable fiance amid #coronavirus fears #FreePress #DontExtraditeAssange  …
France's coronavirus death toll rises to 13,832  
Celtic legend Dalglish released from hospital after contracting coronavirus - great news everyone. KK is out of hospital  …
Italian press report on the more than 100 priests who sacrificed themselves to be with their suffering people to the end. #COVIDー19 #coronavirus  …
Dear celebrities: Stop making coronavirus all about you  … via @nypost
Four more #coronavirus cases confirmed in #Jamaica, increasing tally to 69. The Health Ministry says three of the new cases are in Manchester and one in Clarendon. 
Everyone needs to watch. Even before #COVID19, #hunger was a dire problem in America — now the level of hunger & food insecurity we are seeing is nothing short of a humanitarian catastrophe. Congress MUST prioritize food in our next coronavirus relief package.  …
Be kind and stop stigma during the coronavirus outbreak. 
No small number of evangelical clergy are now claiming their religious freedom is essential and supersedes states’ “stay-at-home” orders meant to halt coronavirus transmission.  … via @politicususa
like this photo of a vampire pigeon to keep from getting coronavirus* *satisfaction not guaranteed 
It would be interesting to know the strength of feeling on this? Please retweet if you agree that once the worst of the pandemic has passed, there should be an independent public inquiry on the government's response to the coronavirus crisis.
GOP lawmakers say Fauci may be doing more harm than good amid coronavirus response  
Comment below, way out on a per capita basis too. Correct #coronavirus mortality figures to-date for Europe, according to Worldometer, all per million: Spain = 355 pm Italy = 322 pm Belgium = 289 pm France = 212 pm Netherlands = 154 pm UK = 145 pm   …
Globally right now, there are 1,767,855 confirmed coronavirus cases and 108,281 confirmed deaths. In the U.S. right now, there are 524,903 confirmed cases and 20,389 confirmed deaths. I will have extensive live coverage tonight in a special @CNNSitRoom 7-10PM ET.
British PM Johson say he ‘owes his life’ to NHS staff as UK coronavirus death toll closes in on 10,000  
A 99-year-old British World War Two veteran was discharged from a hospital after recovering from coronavirus #UKLockdown #Covid19UK #SaturdayMotivation #Veterans #coronavirus 
VIDEO: As coronavirus spreads to Belmarsh Julian Assange’s partner pleads for his freedom 
BREAKING NEWS: Trump Lied About Being Unaware of the January 29 Navarro Memo (NYT: "Despite Mr. Trump’s denial weeks later, he was told at the time about a January 29 memo produced by his trade adviser laying out in striking detail the potential risks of a coronavirus pandemic")  …
Why are people surprised that we have "surpassed Italy with Coronavirus deaths?" This shouldn't be news right? USA is about 330 million strong. Italy is about 60 million strong. That means we have 5 times the people they do. Common core math confusing people?!
The biggest lying piece of scum in congress (and that’s a huge  is putting together another witch hunt! Investigate Schifty—Standard Hotel & Ed Buck! Adam Schiff Submits Bill to Create Commission Reviewing Trump’s Coronavirus Response  …
We're heading to 21,000 dead from coronavirus. Fuck you, fuck @FoxNews, and fuck  …
Coronavirus hospitalizations decrease in New York as 'curve' flattens  
The American people deserve better. We need a robust and professional response to the coronavirus outbreak. @JoeBiden has a plan  COVID-19 and prepare for future global health threats. Learn more 
New York State has more cases of coronavirus than Italy
Cop trying to educate the youth! Is he being real or tryna scare them? #coronavirus 
over 20,000 coronavirus deaths in this country alone, and the president is spending his time announcing that his previously favorite propaganda channel is now insufficiently bootlicky and that he's got a new favorite tool of fascism to watch during his lazy saturday afternoons
Miami doctor who tests homeless for coronavirus detained; police department says it will investigate 
NEW: Spain reports 4,754 new cases of coronavirus and 525 new deaths. Total of 163,027 cases and 16,606 deaths.
It’s a shame that Trump, who would otherwise have been laser-focused on understanding all the ins-and-outs of the coronavirus situation, spent January distracted by impeachment.  …
TONIGHT (SAT 4/11) AT 8 ET ON @MSNBC: an amazing hour with @NicolleDWallace about how #coronavirus has made us an "America On Pause". Her fantastic lineup includes @JoeBiden, @AROD & @KenBurns. Tune in, then stay tuned for me at 9pm 
Julian Assange's newly revealed partner, mother of their 2 young children, urges UK government to bail him and other vulnerable prisoners as #coronavirus sweeps prisons #FreePress #DontExtraditeAssange #coronavirus  …
Have you folks seen this? CNN busted using Hurricane Harvey "grocery story" footage in their Coronavirus story.  …
“For Fauci, is it merely a societal or economic inconvenience that about 17 million workers are unemployed because of the government’s response to the coronavirus pandemic?”~ Reps Andy Biggs (R-AZ) and Ken Buck (R-CO) Great question! We need answers!  …
“Easter isn’t cancelled; indeed, we need Easter as much as ever. We know that coronavirus will not  us. As dark as death can be – particularly for those suffering with grief – light and life are greater.” The Queen’s Easter message has me like 
After this CoronaVirus and you see me somewhere, say hi to me and I'll give you a hug! I swear to God, we all deserve that!
can’t wait to read the fine legal reasoning along the lines of “in person voting is fine during coronavirus but not abortions”  …
Is this REAL or doctored? Am I losing my mind or is this LIBERAL making sense? OMG Patriots I must be seriously ILL Big Time. Could it be #coronavirus Someone call first responders  HELP me ASAP.  
Postal Service looking into absentee ballot delivery irregularities in Wisconsin, which held a controversial primary on Tuesday amid the coronavirus pandemic  
Regarding going to church on #Easter in a time of #coronavirus #quarantine. God invented science. She did not invent the Church - Man did.
“Firmly and calmly, the UK is leading Europe in the fight against Coronavirus”. Telegraph “journalist” ⁦ 
US coronavirus death toll passes 20,000  …
The number of burials at a New York public cemetery has increased fivefold as the death toll from the coronavirus continues to rise in the city  …
Doctor Anthony Fauci calls for a worldwide shut down of wet markets following the #coronavirus #pandemic. Do you 
White House rejects bailout for Postal Service battered by coronavirus Trump threatened to veto the $2.2T Cares Act, if the legislation contained any money directed to bail out the postal agency, according to a senior Trump administration official...  …
Two babies born to a coronavirus positive mothers have tested negative for the coronavirus in Peru. Doctors attributed the  to strict protocols used during their caesarean births 
"It’s such a distraction to have this joyful little being who is totally undeterred by the news.” Why so many people are adopting puppies during the coronavirus crisis. 
Importantly, this new reporting delivers another hard blow to the Trump campaign's whole campaign narrative (captured in that disgusting new ad) that Biden was soft on China and coronavirus:  …
As the Coronavirus spreads through UK prisons Assange’s fiancé makes a plea to the government for him and other prisoners to be released  …
In responding to a health crisis like the coronavirus, governments tend to think mainstream. They should also think about the most vulnerable, such as low-wage workers, people with disabilities, prison populations, asylum seekers, and health care workers.  
Reports suggest that social *media* distancing — keeping firmly away from anything Trump says about the coronavirus — greatly reduces the risks to both physical and mental health.
This is one big reality-TV show. Cuz that’s all Trump knows how to do! “The Trump administration still has no clear plan for ending the coronavirus crisis, but it does have many task forces.”  …
If you  eliminate the CoronaVirus by sacrificing one Human, who would it be? And why do you choose Hillary Clinton?
Here's another key detail from the NYT: Coronavirus "took a back seat" to Trump's "desire not to upset Beijing during trade talks." It's only *later* that Trump lurched around to blaming China, after he needed to shift blame for what was happening:  
Exclusive: Macy’s hired investment bank Lazard to help bolster its finances after losing most of its revenue as it shut down its stores because of the coronavirus outbreak, sources told Reuters  
Health secretary twice warned Trump about coronavirus threat: NYT  
At the beginning of March I was really very unwell. Back then, Coronavirus didn't really exist here - there were around 40 confirmed cases when I first got symptoms. I've written about the Kafkaesque situation I found myself in for tomorrow's MoS.  
...tested positive are being put under quarantine and that many have already escaped, and anyone who spots an African person should report to the authorities. Any everyone should do disinfection, self-monitoring & record one's own temperature. #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak
Coronavirus explained in Sylheti by Dr Aisha Tahmina. Are your family still confused about what they can or can’t do during the coronavirus lockdown? Look out for our other explainers in Punjabi, Gujarati, Hindi, Bengali, Tamil and Urdu. 
Now hopefully, that number of deaths per day from the coronavirus can go down. Heart disease and cancer should go back to being the number 1 and number 2 causes of death in our country. But to have this new virus take first place out of nowhere is unprecedented in modern times.
Amazon should start taking pre-orders now for the @Gladwell book that's will  out later this year about the coronavirus crisis, and the non-obvious things things that were missed and biases that led to avoidable mistakes. Suggested title: Covid-2020 Hindsight
Breaking: Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy will sanction the departure of Harry Kane to Manchester United for a world-record fee of £200million because of financial worries and exasperation with England’s captain for going off-message during the coronavirus crisis. #MUFC #THFC
Coronavirus update, Africa: - Egypt: 145 new cases - Morocco: 97 new cases - Algeria: 64 new cases - Niger: 53 new cases - Guinea: 38 new cases - Ghana: 30 new cases - South Africa: 25 new cases - Tunisia: 14 new cases - Senegal: 13 new cases - Nigeria: 13 new cases
NEW: Sat 11 April update of coronavirus trajectories Daily deaths: • US & UK still on a trend of more deaths every day • We’re now highlighting success stories in dark blue: Australia, Norway, Austria locked down early => curves are gentle Live charts:  
2000 Americans died from COVID-19 in a single day. That makes the coronavirus the leading cause of death in the United States surpassing even heart disease and cancer. Death is a lagging indicator so what we’re seeing is what happened before lockdowns and social distancing.
Well genius, certain poor eating and alcohol habits cause the very underlying health conditions that drastically increase one's chances of dying for coronavirus. So the Surgeon General was trying to inform  of how to reduce those risks, now, and in the future.  …
The @usairforce @AFThunderbirds pass University Medical Center ( @UMCSN) and beyond as they perform a flyover above Las Vegas Valley hospitals this afternoon to recognize first responders, health care professionals and other workers battling the coronavirus pandemic 
NEW: Boston University's coronavirus plan includes the possibility of re-opening campus in January 2021.  …
Just a thoroughly devastating takedown of Trump’s #Coronavirus response via @NYTimes much like several others with some fresh details including that he knew of Navarro memo  …
America has the most confirmed cases & deaths from coronavirus in the world. Our leaders failed us in every wayand they continue to fail us as unemployment skyrockets, our doctors run out of protective gear and they bail out corporate executives. Ppl should go to jail for this.
This. Broke me. As I keep saying, I am VERY concerned about medical staff. This is detrimental 4 their mental health even after Coronavirus is past us. They need safety & wellness resources NOW, not later. Pray for em and if you know one personally, send them hourly doses of  …
Due to #COVID19 aka #Coronavirus Ill be sending the first 500 people to like & retweet this $1500 through CashApp, Apple Pay #or Zelle drop all tags  #cashappinbio
A reminder. A Telegraph journalist sent this tweet out just 3 weeks ago today. A thousand people are now dying everyday in Britain of Coronavirus. 
Here's how to keep your home clean in the midst of the #coronavirus 
I would rather die of Coronavirus/CORVID-19 a FREE breathing man, than a slave cowering to my own elected government. Maybe that's just me?
It was a silly pipe dream, and we said maybe we’d see about it once all this Coronavirus mess blew over. What  hospital has a neurologist stationed in the ER?
“Forgotten” farmworkers are “terrified and afraid” of getting coronavirus. Half are undocumented. Many bring their own soap because growers don’t provide it. No sick leave, no health ins, low pay. Their labor puts food in our grocery stores.  …
Didn't Trump said at a press briefing that the U.S. had the situation “so well under control.”?? U.S. Now Has the World’s Deadliest Coronavirus Outbreak  …
I think a lot of people feel the same as Scott at this moment. This is the intended effect of the pandemic panic policy promoters like Bill Gates -- to have us believe we must sacrifice 2 centuries of American freedom or "we will never be safe." #coronavirus  …
California governor praises Trump's efforts to help state amid coronavirus crisis  
Queen Elizabeth II’s Easter message: "Coronavirus will not  us" 
Because falsely misrepresenting Biden's words, doctoring clips to spread lies, propagating he has dementia, and shamelessly ignoring every speech & MSM appearance in order to pretend he's hiding somewhere and dying of the coronavirus were just sweet words of love & Friendship.  …
Stay safe! We’ll get through this. #Halloween #MichaelMyers #coronavirus #StayHomeStaySafe #FlattenTheCurve #SocialDistancing 
The coronavirus pandemic and bushfire emergency have thrust Auslan interpreters into the spotlight - ABC News Many thanks to our wonderful Auslan interpreters for their support during the Coronavirus emergency. Like so many others, we thank them today  …
LIVE: NowThis is tracking coronavirus developments and infection numbers in realtime. As of Saturday, U.S. coronavirus cases reached 501,701, with at least 18,860 deaths, the highest of any nation, according to Johns Hopkins University.  …
Check @AZDHS website around noon Sunday. Expecting to see #coronavirus cases broken down by ZIP Code & other previously undisclosed data.  …
There’s been a spike in #coronavirus cases at meat plants in the U.S., with hundreds of infections in the last week, adding to questions over the fragility of the food-supply chain and raising concerns over worker safety. Read more in @business:  
Grammy award winner Babyface recovers from coronavirus 
There is a pill called HOME. However monotonous the daily intake may seem, it remains the only thing that keeps #Coronavirus away. Your choice to stay home is the best known antidote today against the pandemic. Save yourself & your loved ones. #StayHome #StaySafe #StaySmart 
BREAKING: abortion providers just filed an emergency motion at the Supreme Court challenging the coronavirus-related abortion ban in Texas.
Number of CoronaVirus deaths in India: 242 Number of citizens in India: 1.4 BILLION Number of CoronaVirus deaths in America: 20,294 Number of citizens in America: 328 million
Democrat Rep. Jimmy Panetta: coronavirus relief should be used to give money to illegal immigrants  
The United States is reporting more coronavirus deaths than any country in the world, surpassing Italy after the death toll climbed to at least 18,860, according to a tally from Johns Hopkins University 
The Coronavirus response is not about saving lives, it's about destroying the First Amendment, persecuting Christians, shutting down small businesses, crushing the economy and unseating Trump in November. This is just the beginning. These tyrants are just getting started.
“DeSantis, one of America’s most popular governors a few months ago, has seen his support plummet. One poll found him the third-worst rated governor at handling the coronavirus in the country.”  …
France's coronavirus death toll rises by 635 to 13,832  
'We need food': Tunisians struggle under coronavirus lockdown  …
Chicago mayor Lori Lightfoot isn’t holding back: Trump’s coronavirus task force is "clueless" 
In early January, officials at the State Department, the Pentagon, and the National Security Counsel warned that the Coronavirus could cause a serious threat to the United States. Those warnings were dismissed by the President for almost two months.  …
Thunderbirds flying over Las Vegas to show support for everyone on the front lines battling #Coronavirus 
Round 1 of the coronavirus Hunger Games was  for ventilators/PPE because fed gov't refused to do its job. Round 2 will be the scramble for the reagents needed for mass testing. Only way to avoid this: feds must organize production NOW of these vital ingredients.
Florida Judge Revokes Child Custody From Mother—Who Is An ER Doctor—Over Coronavirus!!!  …
Sturgill Simpson Tests Positive for Coronavirus After He Was Refused a Test  …
BUSTED: The CDC Is Using Aggressive Rules To Count ‘Coronavirus Deaths’, And Every American Needs To Know About It  …
Hi Sir @Keir_Starmer hope you're having a good Easter. I can see you're struggling to make an impact on #coronavirus. Do understand we really need you to step up, speak out more and outline what YOUR plan is. Maybe do something like this? I'm sure Rebecca won't mind if you copy.  …
The Matterhorn, Switzerland has been lit up with the flags of countries severely hit by the #coronavirus. Tonight it was our turn. Thank you Switzerland. 
#Vegas #Thunderbirds show appreciation and support for the healthcare workers, first responders and other essential personnel in Las Vegas and around the nation who are working on the front lines  the coronavirus!!! So awesome to see. 
This coronavirus might change your life. This documentary will. Rainman Twins  …
Number of coronavirus deaths in South Korea: 211 Number of Coronavirus deaths in America: 20,294
Woman fined for telling police 'it's a free country' when asked why she was outside during coronavirus lockdown  
The Costly Toll of Not Shutting Down Spring Break Earlier People got sick — and some died — after attending crowded parties and theme parks in Florida as the coronavirus spread. cc: ⁦  …
A nurse revealed the tragic last words of his coronavirus patient: 'Who's going to pay for it?' - CNN Australia cannot ever allow our #Medicare #HealthCare system ever get to this  …
Coronavirus Cases Summary in Nigeria as of April 11, 2020 
Thailand says its lockdown measures are slowing down the spread of #coronavirus. Normally a tourist hotspot, Phuket island is now a ghost town 
NEW: France reports 4,785 new cases of coronavirus and 635 new deaths. Total of 129,654 cases and 13,832 deaths.
A reminder that nobody should ascribe any worth to anything ⁦ @RobDelyn⁩ says ever again. These people have led us to this disaster. A Britain that emerges post Coronavirus with people like Rob anywhere near power is a Britain that will have rewarded disaster. 
Gov. Beshear’s response to KY Attorney General Cameron questioning his decision to require those who attend gatherings this weekend to quarantine for 14 days: “I’d give up being politically popular, which I’ve only been for 3 weeks, to save 42 lives.” #coronavirus @LEX18News
Veterans Are Losing Jobs, Homes, Health Care in Coronavirus Crisis  …
After my story with @samanthajgross shed light on the coronavirus outbreak at a private Florida prison, some inmates received face masks, family members tell me. "The warden came in and talked to them," one woman told me.  …
The #coronavirus may have your loved ones feeling anxious or depressed. Depression  in older adults, which makes it even more important to check in with them often. Try setting up a family video chat. Learn more about depression and older adults:  
WATCH: Bill Maher defends calling coronavirus "Chinese virus," mocks Democrat Ted Lieu  
*playing catch with my kid in 2040* me: you know i coulda went pro back in 2020 if it wasnt for the coronavirus
Very very sad, RIP colleagues BBC News - Coronavirus: Remembering the NHS workers who have died  …
Coronavirus  for the world's poor. Here are six ways to help  
This is scandalous and effectively covers up the extent of Coronavirus in Scotland. But @thesnp voted through the anti democratic stop on FOI in  …
Coronavirus Vaccine Could Be Ready in Six Months: Times  …
The billionaires and coronavirus. Did we see  out in mass and donate large sums of money to help, no we did not. One example 22 billionaires donated 63M dollars. Yes 63M is a nice sum of money but from 22 Billionaires that amount is paltry at best.
Easter isn't cancelled: UK's Queen Elizabeth says coronavirus will not   
The earliest detection of Coronavirus COVID-19 in China was Nov 17, 2019, weeks before authorities even acknowledged it. Frankly I believe that COVID was here in the United States VERY, shortly after, sometime in the same year. It’s my opinion, but I believe it.
Ricky Gervais calls to end grim wet markets thought to be hotbed for coronavirus  … 
City officials in Chelyabinsk, Russia have started using a jet engine to spray disinfectant solution in an effort to curb the spread of the novel coronavirus. Chelyabinsk currently only has 42 confirmed cases of COVID-19; Russia currently has nearly 14,000 confirmed cases. 
The past week in the coronavirus outbreak: • Wuhan, China, emerges from 76 days of lockdown. • The virus has been killing African Americans at a disproportionately high rate. • Online grocery services are struggling to meet a massive spike in demand. 
“Nearly 500 postal workers have tested positive for the coronavirus and 462 others are presumptive positives, USPS leaders told lawmakers. Nineteen have died; more than 6,000 are in self-quarantine because of exposure.”  …
#BREAKING - Barbados records an additional coronavirus case; newest case involves a 53 y/o Bajan female who returned to the island from abroad on March 11 Holy Saturday Barbados COVID-19 by the Numbers Confirmed cases: 68 (+1)  747 Recovered: 11 Deaths: 4 
Chicago, New York and other major cities are struggling with racial disparities in coronavirus cases, with the pandemic exposing deep-seated economic inequalities that make it disproportionally hurt minorities. Black America is feeling vulnerable. 
Great ⁦ @NYMag⁩ analysis by ⁦ @Olivianuzzi⁩: Trump’s Coronavirus Briefings Have Replaced Election Rallies  …
Thank you, Spike Lee,  on my show to speak truth to power about the impact of the #coronavirus on the African  
ASL interpreters are doing essential work in the face of the coronavirus outbreak. At every press conference, they play a crucial role in making sure everyone has access to important information. I thank them for their service to  
Bill Cosby is in an AT RISK group. The judge REFUSED to let him out of jail. R Kelly is at risk for coronavirus. The judge REFUSED to let him out of jail. Meanwhile Tekashi 69 who has NO issues was let go and now THIS guy #WhiteSupremacy101  …
ICYMI: I’m giving up my paycheck in order to support  and help people in need. If you’re able, please join me! Go to  to lend a virtual hand and support those directly affected by coronavirus. 
Incredible footage from the pro-Bolsonaro, anti-  isolation protest in SP today 
Gina Rejas is on the frontlines of the coronavirus crisis every day, risking her life to protect the lives of others. She’s not a doctor nor a nurse; she’s a cleaner on the COVID-19 patient floor in a Westchester, N.Y., hospital. 
Mr. Khan mocked coronavirus guidelines on Tik Tok and now he has been contacted by virus Take the rules seriously, you can show your herogiri somewhere else 
"China and Iran have developed a friendly economic and strategic partnership."  … "IRAN BACKS CHINA, CALLS TO INVESTIGATE U.S. 'CREATION AND SPREAD' OF CORONAVIRUS"  … Here's Feinstein praising China:   …
White House rejects bailout for U.S. Postal Service battered by coronavirus  …
Speak the truth clearly on the coronavirus, that’s the bottom line.  and empathy  just a window dressing to delude people, who are being treated worldwide like scared children to be soothed with lies and false hopes  …
In prisons & jails across America, #coronavirus has spread with devastating speed. Fmr. U.S. Attorney & @UALawSchool prof. @JoyceWhiteVance will join me to discuss the pandemic’s effect on the incarcerated tonight 7:30pET.
Violent Felon Released From Rikers Island Over Coronavirus. He Was Just Arrested Again. 
LA Doctor Reports BREAKTHROUGH Results on Treating Coronavirus  …
NEW: Turkey reports 5,138 new cases of coronavirus, 52,167 cases in total. Turkey's largest daily increase so far.
They were in cars with windows up. 'How is this different than drive thru restaurants?' Mayor uses church to send message: Churches Fighting Tyrannical Government for Right to Celebrate Easter While Social Distancing  … #MAGA #COVID19 #coronavirus
Listen as Dr Shiva explains the mess that we know as #coronavirus and DS part. We need Trump, and how the DS is working to remove him. #KAG2020 Dr. SHIVA Ayyadurai, MIT PhD Crushes Dr. Fauci Exposes Birx, Clintons, B...  via @YouTube
. @iamcardib is a real one. Watch Cardi B blast Trump's lack of leadership skills during the coronavirus pandemic. 
I’m interest to hear how other therapists are taking care of their own #mentalhealth whilst supporting clients during #lockdown and #coronavirus? I have my own therapy & supervision of course but would  other practices too #TherapistsConnect
Among the cracks in our society ‘laid bare’ by coronavirus...a cliche I loathe as these cracks were in plain sight...79,000 New Yorkers are homeless, five per cent living on the street. And dying disproportionately of COVID-19. Why was that fact not already an emergency?
Somehow, Coronavirus now has a 3 movie deal with Miramax.  …
Final Porsche 911 of a generation to be sold for coronavirus relief 
I think these videos are so important. I cannot except the notion that 1/3 of the American population thinks that #Coronavirus is no different then the yearly flu.  …
Richest GOP congressman accused of ‘insider trading’ on coronavirus — by a Republican AG -  …
As Hotels Offer Coronavirus Aid, Trump Properties Do Nothing  …
Countries received Turkey’s aid during the Coronavirus pandemic. #Turkey #Covid19 #CoronaVirus 
According to the US Navy, 550 sailors from the USS Theodore Roosevelt aircraft carrier have now tested positive for coronavirus. 550 Sailors. Dear Lord.
Windowsills and streets across Dublin were lit up this evening as part of the #ShineYourLight tribute to front line heath workers and all those affected by the coronavirus pandemic  …
. @VP Pence message to churchgoers yesterday: We "want to say very respectfully to all of the — all the  around this country and all the places of worship to continue to heed the guidelines issued in the President’s Coronavirus Guidelines for America...
The U.S. coronavirus death toll has now surpassed 20,000. There are about 2,000 new deaths being identified each day.  …
Why has coronavirus hit African Americans so hard? 
Stunning’ And ‘Unconstitutional’: Judge Grants Restraining Order After KY Mayor Vowed To Record License Plates Of #Easter Church Goers. #coronavirus  …
Today's figures show 78,991 confirmed coronavirus cases in the UK. Let's assume only 1 in 20 cases of people with symptoms are being picked up by tests. Real number of cases = 1.58m cases. However .... 1/n
A vaccine against the coronavirus could be ready by September, according to a scientist leading one of Britain’s most advanced teams 
From @DrStaceyPatton in @PostEverything: The pathology of American racism is making the pathology of the coronavirus worse 
I’m no expert on numbers but Trump said a few weeks weeks ago the 15 coronavirus cases in the US would go down to zero in a few days Over 20,000 Americans have now died Is this why he went bankrupt so many times?
I don’t know if you guys noticed: Deaths yesterday 7 Deaths today 10 3 people have died in Nigeria within the last 24 hours because of Coronavirus. These are not just numbers. Those are someone’s loved ones. Pray for Nigeria if you can Stay at home. Save lives. Be wise. 
This entire thread is a great read on the history of Hart Island... video from which is being used to falsley say, "THERE ARE MASS GRAVES IN NYC BECAUSE OF CORONAVIRUS!"  …
Certified registered nurse anesthetist Derrick Smith is no stranger to the horrors of losing patients. But now, the coronavirus pandemic has pushed him into  different, "much more terrifying" reality 
Revival gone viral...... 43 people fall ill at Pentecostal church after revival, 10 test positive for coronavirus  …
To those on Twitter convinced the public will turn on the Conservatives because of their bad management of coronavirus - remember Brexit?!
British bakers reintroduce World War II bread in coronavirus fight. 
COVID-19 LOCKDOWN: OMO-AGEGE DOLES OUT N85M AS PALLIATIVES TO CONSTITUENTS As part of measures to cushion the effects of the lockdown due to the ravaging Coronavirus pandemic, the Deputy President of the Senate  the immediate disbursement of cash to some low... 
Another 103 sailors from U.S. carrier test positive for coronavirus  
So , President Trump is somehow inexplicably responsible for the Coronavirus outbreak in the United States , but each globalist scumbag President before him that sold our Country out to China , is not?
Absolutely vital viewing from @ZDoggMD Non-negotiable this one - a must-watch if you even give a teeny sh!t about #Coronavirus #Covid19 The Emperor abides...!  …
ICYMI: Wet markets are returning to life in Wuhan and other parts of mainland China, where the #coronavirus first emerged. More @business:  #COVIDー19 
LATEST CORONAVIRUS UPDATE As at 9:30pm 11th April, there are: 318 confirmed cases 70 discharged 10 deaths 
"Coronavirus will not  us": Queen Elizabeth offers words of hope in first-ever Easter message  
There are no words for such evil. While Cuba exports doctors all over the world to fight the #coronavirus, the US tightens its genocidal embargo on #Cuba, preventing the island from obtaining medical supplies needed to contain the #COVID19 at home. Where is the global  …
NEW: Saudi Arabia reports 382 new cases of coronavirus, 4,033 cases in total. Saudi Arabia's largest daily increase so far.
| Manchester City are hot favourites to win the four-way battle for Inter Milan golden boy Lautaro Martinez. City are ready to pay the £97.5million buy-out clause figure when the coronavirus crisis ends. [The Sun] 
Sweden records just SEVENTEEN new deaths from coronavirus - its lowest daily rise in a fortnight - as new infections plummet to only 466 cases  via @MailOnline
Coronavirus Tales: NYC vet does sidewalk acupuncture for animals in pain  
I know that because of changes caused by the coronavirus, this Easter is going to be different for our kids. That's why I wanted to do something special so we all can celebrate - safely. Happy Easter!  …
While Trump rightly deserves the criticism he gets for mismanagement of the COVID19 debacle, the Obama Administration certainly dosn't look good here with funding research into coronavirus type vaccines cut in 2010 cc @thespybrief  …
Over 400,000 people have now recovered from coronavirus globally. That’s +30,000 recoveries in 24hours!!  …
JUST IN: Democrats Want Illegal Immigrants to Receive Coronavirus Stimulus Checks  …
In the absence  gatherings, restaurants, and live sports, how have Americans adjusted to the new normal? @NicolleDWallace will joined by several guests, including Alex Rodriguez, to examine how the coronavirus pandemic has put American culture on hold. 
Speers claiming he speaks for Australians again. He doesn’t speak for me. The coronavirus curve has flattened and now most Australians have changed the question they want answered #insiders  …
Please sign our petition to save Julian Assange from #coronavirus in Belmarsh prison. #DontExtraditeAssange #SaveJulian #prisonerslivesmatter #COVID19 #FreeAssange #prisonerspeopletoo  
Boris Johnson has said he owes NHS doctors and nurses his life after his coronavirus treatment in London's St Thomas hospital.  …
UK: Coronavirus deaths near 10,000; PM Johnson makes progress  …
“Positive news” @DarrellIssa? Over 2,000 Americans have died of #Coronavirus today, the deadliest day yet. Instead of prematurely focusing on reopening society, we should push the federal government to deliver relief $to small businesses & workers NOW.   …
Longtime Iona Prep baseball coach Fred Gallo passes away from the coronavirus  …
93-year-old recovers from coronavirus in Turkey 
7 people issued $1,000 tickets for violation of stay-at-home order amid coronavirus crisis, Santa Cruz police say 
“All told, an estimated 28,000 employees of news  in the United States have been laid off, furloughed or had their pay reduced since the arrival of the coronavirus.”  …
Coronavirus.. US overtakes Italy as country with world's highest death toll congratulations Trumpy... You did it #Covid_19
In just a few weeks you’ve been told to expect 2 million China Coronavirus deaths, Then 1 million Then 200,000 Then 100,000 Then 90, 000 Now 60,000 But @GretaThunberg KNOWS the world will end in 12 years. Who believes the “expert” predictions any 
Entering a shop with a face mask might get me killed. I fear more to be mistaken for an armed robber than coronavirus. We Black Americans fear where we can go, how we can show up, what we can wear, what we can say – it never ends By  …
When Donald Trump told people windmills cause cancer, I thought to myself, what kind of idiots would believe that? Then I saw people on FB and Twitter (both liberal & conservatives) claiming 5G antenas gave us Coronavirus.
United States - Coronavirus Cases: 528,990 - Deaths: 20,455 - Recovered: 29,436
Me and my new best friends, alpacas names Finn and Thunder. Found a fun story to for @freep about #alpacas brought to a nursing home to greet residents. They’d visit outside of their windows to lift their spirits during this #coronavirus pandemic. 
US-owned F1 team Haas have decided to furlough most of their British-based team due to the coronavirus pandemic.
Resurrection in the age of coronavirus 
During the Great Depression artists were kept employed by the government. It's unclear how long a coronavirus-related economic recession could last, but the US might need a new national arts job program. 
BREAKING: 10 dead as Nigeria’s coronavirus cases rise to 318 
Experts said New York would need 140,000 hospital beds at the peak of the coronavirus. NY actually needed 18,500. It is time we stop basing massive public policy off these TERRIBLE models.
We're  kindy free for Qld families in Term 2 Coronavirus has had a huge impact on the early childhood sector so we’re investing $17M to keep our 465 kindies open. Importantly, our 2,754 early childhood teachers & educators can keep their jobs 
Evangelicals think God, who didn’t protect victims of the Holocaust, two World Wars, the Irish potato famine, Chernobyl, the Bhopal disaster, Hurricane Maria, or the Spanish Flu, will protect them from the coronavirus at church on Easter Sunday because Trump.
Rebecca Mead on London during the coronavirus pandemic: “Now the city looks not so much post-apocalyptic as post-capitalist, as if the fever of consumption that  to characterize the metropolis has finally burned itself out.” 
Coronavirus cases on USS Roosevelt spike to 550, that's approximately 12% of the crew! The ship needs to be docked and the crew evacuated! This virus can not be controlled in such tight quarters! Senior Navy Leadership needs to Fight for this Crew!  …
As Wuhan and other parts of China re-open, Chinese health officials are worried about a possible second wave of coronavirus In recent days, the country has seen a rise in new Covid-19 cases, most of which have been imported from abroad  
Hospital workers on front lines of coronavirus fight find their tires slashed “We were shocked to hear of this incident, especially at this time when our employees are working tirelessly and courageously” in the pandemic, hospital officials said.  …
Clutching flowers, candles and photos, New York hospital workers paid tribute to colleagues who have died from the coronavirus since the beginning of the epidemic that has ravaged the city with a modest ceremony in the freezing cold 
NEW: Number of recovered coronavirus patients has reached 400,000 worldwide.
Coronavirus deaths, worldwide. 10th of February: 1,018 10th of March: 4,296 Now: 103,220
Trump leaves trail of unmet promises in coronavirus response.  …
Coronavirus wreaks havoc on New York City's public housing  …
Coronavirus: President Buhari begs Nigerians to remain at home 
Israelis and Arabs accuse each other of exploiting coronavirus for political gain in Jerusalem 
"Portuguese PM Antonio Costa said on Friday that the Netherlands’ attempt to block economic support to fight the coronavirus raised questions about the future of the European Union"  …
#Buchenwald liberation anniversary event marked quietly. Only employees of Buchenwald Memorial attended the event due to Germany's #coronavirus lockdown measures. Authorities called out increasing right-wing extremism in a "Thuringian declaration."  …
bubonic plague led to the creation of the middle class (fewer workers post-plague meant the alive ones could negotiate w/ land owners) and i'm excited to see what special sub-class coronavirus will somehow invent. some weird way we end up out of this with two landlords each
Virtually all L.A. County residents could have coronavirus by summer if physical distancing stops: Officials  …
Well you had better cough up & give them what they deserve then! Free tuition! Write off all student debt! Wage rise ( a hefty one)! Everything they need fight Corona Virus! Boris Johnson: I owe doctors and nurses my life after coronavirus treatment  …
Navarro publicly said Americans had 'nothing to worry about' while privately warning coronavirus could cost lives and dollars - CNNPolitics  …
1) “99-year-old WWII veteran who survived coronavirus gets guard of honor from nurses... Albert Chambers, who will turn 100 in July, is due to arrive back home on Friday.”  
Meet The Companies Poised To Build The Kushner-Backed “Coronavirus Surveillance System” via The Last American Vagabond: The  behind the leading proposal to build a “national coronavirus surveillance ... 
‘NHS hospitals on brink of running out of gowns to protect medics from coronavirus' says The Sunday Telegraph. Our brave NHS & care staff need adequate supplies PPE now and it’s right questions are asked of ministers as to why its still not happening sufficiently. 
Federal judge denies church’s bid to hold Easter service despite coronavirus stay-home orders  …
'[Hurricane] Harvey pushed them down, and now  the coronavirus.' — This mayor is laying out the truth about COVID-19 racial disparities 
Being a person of color isn’t a risk factor for coronavirus. Living in a racist country is  …
The HOAX is up. State dismantles coronavirus field hospital that hasn't treated a single patient  … via @BIZPACReview
because the nature of a disease is not ethnic, food can be... calling the coronavirus the chinese virus is inherently xenophobic. a time of great fear like this requires solidarity. if people claim this is hurtful why would u even want to call it that...  …
US coronavirus death toll passes 20,000 and overtakes Italy as world's highest  
#BREAKING: 5 grocery store workers at Kroger, Meijer reported dead of the coronavirus  …
There’s been a spike in coronavirus cases at meat plants in the U.S. 
A nurse revealed the last words of his coronavirus patient: "Who's going to pay for it?" 
 around the world take precautions against the coronavirus pandemic, some places are dealing with an additional safety threat: severe weather outbreaks. 
Please don’t travel this weekend. Stay home this Easter to slow the spread of coronavirus #COVID19. For more information, visit  
Mohammad Ali Jauhar University in Rampur will be used as quarantine centre for #Coronavirus cases, till further orders: Rampur District Magistrate, Aunjaneya Kumar Singh 
In the wake of President Trump’s move to push aside the official who was supposed to lead the coronavirus bailout watchdog group, four other members are just as vulnerable.  …
Exactly one month ago, Manchester City's game against Arsenal became the first Premier League match to be postponed because of the coronavirus pandemic. The month that changed the #PL -  
UNITED KINGDOM: Four year old boy Archie Wilks  coronavirus infection while also fighting rare cancer
Boris Johnson: I owe doctors and nurses my life after coronavirus treatment No, Johnson, you owe them an unreserved apology, a decent wage and the ALL the equipment they need. You are not the fucking story! #BorisTheButcher  …
EVERY US VETERAN NEEDS TO SEE THIS! PLEASE SHARE! Any #Veteran that thinks they may have the #coronavirus can CALL the VA and be seen. Not signed up or fear you don't qualify? They will treat you first and worry about that later! Watch ↓  via @YouTube
3. Wet markers should be banned 4. Cultural practices should be challenged & criticized (and banned when dangerous) 5. Names are powerful, esp in the hands of a racist president. Virus already had 2 official names (Coronavirus, Covid-19) before Trump called it “the China virus.”
Lockdown lifted in Wuhan, China. Looks like they've successfully beaten the #coronavirus on their own, WITHOUT a vaccine. So, why again is our media saying lockdown/restrictions may not be lifted until a #COVID19 vaccine  available?  …
Meet the 17-year-old behind  , one of the largest coronavirus-tracking websites in the world @picardonhealth @AidanRGallagher @ToyinSaraki @kapoors_s @PamelaFalk @Razarumi @RandeepHooda @cristinagallach @emmafreud 
Tonight's call in show had guests @CornpopBilly, @Thamster2, @EvanMcLaren, @Zero_Schizo, a guy with coronavirus, a black Keith Woods fan, a radical centrist, an Irish Unionist and me in a turtleneck! Unmissable.  …
NEW: Netherlands reports 1,316 new cases of coronavirus and 132 new deaths. A total of 24,413 cases and 2,643 deaths.
Coronavirus may not discriminate, but it continues to expose that longstanding structural and institutional racism is one of root causes of health inequity. Chicago: 30% black pop, 70% deaths Milwaukee: 27% black pop, 81% deaths Louisiana 33% black pop, 70% of deaths
Coronavirus in New York: April 11:180,458 cases April 6: 130,689 cases April 1: 83,712 cases March 27: 44,635 cases March 22: 15,168 cases March 17: 1,700 cases March 12: 328 cases March 7: 89 cases March 2: 2 cases Everytime I see update from New York, I worry about Lagos
Hoping to get our crown of thorns piece done for Easter. May your weekend be blessed! Keter Melucha - Ishay Ribo. (Composed for Israel during Coronavirus shutdown.) 
"I don't think we should ever shake hands ever again, to be honest with you. Not only would it be good to prevent coronavirus disease; it probably would decrease instances of influenza dramatically in this country.” --Dr. Fauci, leaving no doubt of his role
Migrant nurse: "How many points do I need  to Britain & help you with #coronavirus?" Priti Patel: "Three hundred thousand and thirty four nine hundred and seventy four thousand". 
Fuck coronavirus
Incredibly saddened to have just been told that Barbara McDonnell (Chris) a volunteer at RSPCA Wirral animal centre has lost her battle with Coronavirus. She was a kind soul who gave most of her time trying to raise money for animals. She was a legend & will be remembered 
Ex-CDC director slams Trump’s ‘mind-boggling’  — and warns more ‘epic failures’  #coronavirus  …
It was only a matter of time before the gratuitously heavy-handed interpretation of the coronavirus restrictions intersected with the institutional racism of the police  …
What worries me is that the same people that have worked for decades to undermine governing capacity in a way that weakened the coronavirus response will persuade others that big lesson is that they were right all along. 13/  …
The United States surpassed Italy as the country with the highest reported coronavirus death toll, according to a Reuters tally  
FYI: Tens of millions of Americans may lose their jobs over the coronavirus crackdown. And all because the so-called “experts” and their liberal media cohorts created a panic and were off by MILLIONS in their careless predictions!! OPEN OUR GREAT COUNTRY NOW!!!
Coronavirus stated from China as a virus, went to Italy as a pandemic and came to Nigeria as a business
Trump suggests  about lack of coronavirus equipment in order to get on TV | The Independent  …
The Alaska Native Tribal Health Consortium also procured 40 of the new Abbott rapid coronavirus test devices and 2400 tests for 20 Alaska  I love these stories of Native Americans working hard to take care of their own people that don’t get national coverage  …
India - Coronavirus Cases: 8,446 - Deaths: 288 - Recovered: 969
Scientists warn coronavirus can spread 13 FEET from sufferers – more than twice the social distancing limit  …
Governor  President Trump’s handling of the coronavirus by stating he met every direct request that California has made that the president could have met. Newsom: Trump Has Met 'Every Single Direct Request That He Was Capable of Meeting'  …
Fascinating subplot in the NYT’s account of Trump’s coronavirus strategy is that they went soft on China in order to get a trade deal done that was supposed to make their toughness on China look successful.  
Manuel could have sought a different assignment when #coronavirus hit the medical center he works at, instead he went to work and continued to test patients. He is 1 of the 640,000~ #DACA recipients who Trump could deport should #SCOTUS end the  …
Bill Gates ‘Potential’ Coronavirus Vaccine Set to Begin Testing with People Today  …
A new report says while Mardi Gras likely accelerated the spread of coronavirus in Louisiana, the agency did not advise anyone in the U.S. to consider canceling large events until more than two weeks after it occurred.  …
It's great to be collaborating again with @gtconway3d, some 20 years after we worked together at Wachtell Lipton. Here's our @WashingtonPost piece about the #WisconsinElection mess:  #coronavirus #COVID19 #Covid_19 #appellatetwitter
Most coronavirus deaths. US: 20,455 Italy: 19,468 Spain: 16,480 France: 13,832 UK: 9,875 Iran: 4,357 Belgium: 3,346 China: 3,339 Germany: 2,736 Netherlands: 2,643 Brazil: 1,124 Turkey: 1,101 Switzerland: 1,036 Sweden: 887 Canada: 648 Portugal: 470 Austria: 337 World: 108,330
A Doctor is Threatening to Withhold Coronavirus Treatments From Local Politicians and Their Families  …
Canadian legislators expected to pass wage subsidy as coronavirus spreads  
2nd coronavirus vaccine trial begins in the U.S., with a pinch and a zap / pray that this young man wakes up! This is blatant evil #humanexperiment #CovidLies#CovidScam  …
Wait....whaat? Stormy Daniels’ former attorney Michael Avenatti, convicted earlier this year of attempting to extort $25 million from sportswear maker Nike, will be moved from prison to home confinement for 90 days because of the coronavirus pandemic, a California judge ruled. 
Ying Ying and Le Le had lived together for 13 years without showing much interest in taking things further. But perhaps they just needed some privacy. Ocean Park shut down on Jan. 26 as part of Hong Kong’s measures to fight the coronavirus. 
“The World Health Organisation is to launch an appeal for more than $US1 billion [$1.5 billion] to fund operations against coronavirus pandemic.” ...same week US President Trump accused them of bias towards China?? Their arrogance is unbelievable!  …
This is what America's coronavirus trajectory looks like on a linear scale. Anyone old enough to remember "15 going to zero"? via @MaxCRoser  
BREAKING: Thirteen New Coronavirus Cases Announced In Nigeria | Sahara Reporters 
#COVID19 1-MINUTE VIDEO: Back in January #Health Secretary @MattHancock stated that the UK was “well prepared” for a #coronavirus outbreak. Truth is we were devastatingly UNPREPARED and wasted precious time on immoral #herdimmunity. Read my report:  
Watch Cardi B blast Trump's lack of leadership skills during the coronavirus pandemic 
According to reports, #American deaths from the #coronavirus passed Italy’s, affirming the U.S.’s spot as the epicenter of the global pandemic. Deaths from the virus reached more than 19,880 in the U.S., according to  by Johns Hopkins University. Via 
Happiness is more infectious than #coronavirus
Liverpool legend Kenny Dalglish has tested positive for coronavirus after being admitted to hospital earlier this week for treatment for a separate infection. 
NEW ARTICLE: You may have heard that Jared Kushner is looking to build a "coronavirus surveillance system" of Americans' private data. Take the time to learn about  that are set to make it:  …
United States #Coronavirus death toll passes 20,000, according to Johns Hopkins: AFP news agency
Coronavirus outbreak in New York: April 11: 180,458 cases April 6: 130,689 cases April 1: 83,712 cases March 27: 44,635 cases March 22: 15,168 cases March 17: 1,700 cases March 12: 328 cases March 7: 89 cases March 2: 2 cases
Shined our Light tonight for all the frontline workers who are doing so incredibly well to mind us and care for our loved ones in very difficult circumstances and for all the people who have lost their lives to this awful virus . #coronavirus @RTEOne @RTERadio1 
White House rejects bailout for U.S. Postal Service battered by coronavirus. Trump and Mnuchin shot down emergency aid. Then Pelosi & Schumer need to shoot down anything they want until they surrender. Vote By Mail will depend on USPS.  …
I can’t think of a single person who tried to warn the world about #Coronavirus back in January/early February who wasn’t brutally suppressed by social  for the past year or two. We could have got the world out to millions more people, but we were prevented Shame
With the D.C., Maryland and Virginia region emerging as a coronavirus hot spot, @MarthaRaddatz went to Baltimore to report on the threat. She’ll go one-on-one with Maryland’s @GovLarryHogan Sunday on "This Week"  
"I'm sorry if people feel that there have been failings... but we are in an unprecedented global health pandemic." Home Secretary Priti Patel says it's "inevitable" that there is an incredibly high demand for protective equipment. #Coronavirus latest:  
White House rejects bailout for Postal Service battered by coronavirus - The Washington Post  …
Sturgill Simpson Tests Positive for the Coronavirus  …
Animal shelter celebrates being cleared out of pets amid coronavirus  …
Thanks to my friend @RealDougEFresh for posting this important coronavirus message. And thanks for joining me later tonight when I anchor our special @CNNSitRoom coverage 7-10PM  …
Can’t wait to keep using the coronavirus excuse long after it’s over. Kids: Dad, can we go to the playground? Me: Sorry, guys. Quarantine. Kids: But that was three years ago! Me: (cracking beer) Can’t risk it.
Environmental racism is a huge reason why black &  are being hit disproportionately hard by the coronavirus.
If you didn’t identify the #coronavirus crisis early, I don’t care what you say about how other people could have magically “handled it better.” If you want to criticize, fine - link to your early tweets calling it a pandemic in, say, January or early February. I can.
‘I’ve already lost my home in Syria. I don’t want to lose another’: Refugee Hassan Akkad, who was detained and tortured twice, volunteers to clean in a NHS hospital against coronavirus. He was an English teacher in Syria and a documentary maker in UK  …
At this time of national emergency, we need a functioning Parliament to hold ministers to account on their response to the coronavirus. There are too many questions that have gone unanswered. There is no substitute for scrutiny.  …
To those extreme libertarians who use the outlier model of Sweden as justification to have no social distancing and instead move towards herd immunity, please look at the current state of their Coronavirus death rates per head of population. 
Family of Queens man with COVID symptoms called 311 but was told not to take him to hospital. He died 6 days later at home - one of the many New Yorkers who are not being counted in official coronavirus tally  … by @clodaghny1 @NY1
A couple of days ago I shared that my son-in-law who lives in FL was showing signs of coronavirus, he had a bad cough, he has developed a high fever+diarrhea. My daughter is trying to get him tested, He needs prayers, lot’s & lot’s of prayers, I’m begging you please pray for Mark 
I can't understand why there isn't more talk about a second impeachment for Trump's mishandling of the coronavirus response. This is urgent!
New leader, same shit. Labour calls for inquiry into high number of BAME NHS staff deaths related to coronavirus.  …
Reported US coronavirus deaths: 0 to 10,000 deaths: 37 days 10,000 to 20,000 deaths: 5 days
Boris Johnson: I owe doctors and nurses my life after coronavirus treatment  …
The coronavirus has profoundly altered daily life, ushering in sweeping upheavals to the U.S. economy. One immediate effect of the crisis: radical changes to how people spend their money. 
Coronavirus stay-at-home order in California has police giving citations to people watching sunset at beach 
Everyone under the siege of coronavirus is rescued now in the name of Jesus! 
A doctor caught coronavirus reports NPR. He took hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin. He survived but is ashamed of himself.  …
Dr. Jane Goodall on the Coronavirus pandemic. “It is our disregard for nature and our disrespect of the animals we should share the planet with that has caused this pandemic.“ 
The archbishop of New Orleans sprinkled holy water from a World War II-era biplane high above the city in an unusual blessing for those affected by the coronavirus. 
I need to get this down on paper, as it were. It's burning a hole in my mind. It became clear that Italy was going to have a terrible time of coronavirus on 22nd February, when parts of Northern Italy were locked down. At this point in the UK, everything was still normal. /1
Coronavirus worldwide : 401,430 Recovered 79% 108,328 Deaths. 21% We’ll get through this together #CoronaVirusUpdate #Covid_19 #CoronaVirusInNigeria
Instead of prepping for #coronavirus, #Trump partied, golfed, held fundraisers. — I defy you not to be outraged by the details in this ⁦ @USATODAY⁩  …
My father, a retired firefighter, worked in Toronto during the 2003 SARS outbreak. He knows how scary it is. To say thanks, he got dinner for all our local fire stations on behalf of  @_Rescue7. I’m so proud to call him my dad #coronavirus 
coronavirus is the president of cock blocking
The coronavirus did not clean up air pollution. Less driving did that. The coronavirus did not give you more time with your family. Less business travel did that. Don't look for a silver lining in the coronavirus. Look for the wisdom in less driving and business travel.
This is going to cause a reyt stink. Coronavirus 'could be spreading across the globe through farts' claim doctors.  …
"Coronavirus: US overtakes Italy for the highest death toll, Johns Hopkins University says" This isn't  we want to win at. #CoronavirusPandemic  …
Dr. Nicole Saphier: In coronavirus fight, politicians should stop telling doctors how to treat our patients  #FoxNews
Three National Polls Show Majority Of Americans Agree With Trump Calling Coronavirus "Chinese" | Zero Hedge  …
Queen Elizabeth uses her first-ever Easter message to say the coronavirus pandemic 'will not  us.'  as Britain's death toll nears 10,000, with 917 more deaths reported by health officials. 
Kremlin says Moscow hospitals flooded as coronavirus death toll passes 100  
In the U.S, the death toll has surpassed that of Spain, with only Italy reporting more. Experts have weighed in that the Coronavirus was not handled properly, with the Virus being at its peak. We need leadership & smart decisions made, can someone in Washington please step up! 
Dear @H_S_E , can you confirm how many NHS staff who have died after likely exposure to coronavirus in the workplace have been reported to you? My understanding is that every case should have been, under exposure to a biological agent at work, & that you will fully investigate?
I mean... I’m glad the media cares about health disparities all of a sudden, but coronavirus isn’t “revealing” anything that wasn’t already revealed long ago in birth  prevalence of chronic disease, and life expectancy data. 
While coronavirus spread silently, Trump rallied, golfed, and ignored all warnings as he refused to take action. “[Alex Azar] directly warned Mr. Trump of the possibility of a pandemic during a call on Jan. 30 ... The president ... responded that Mr. Azar was being alarmist.”  …
wrote a bit about covering (and not covering) coronavirus for the last two months  …
Show me your papers. #COVESTAPO Fauci: Coronavirus immunity cards for Americans are 'being discussed' - POLITICO  …
Alberta also sent supplies to Quebec & Ontario. Good on them. ‘COVID 19: Alberta to send 250,000 N95 face masks to B.C.’ | #bcpoli #bcleg #COVID19 #cbc #coronavirus #cdnpoli  …
Thank you to the 700 volunteers, student paramedics, former members of staff and others helping us rise to the challenge of #coronavirus, including 300 @LondonFire firefighters. You're all amazing! #TeamLAS
African American Drug Company Announces Possible Treatment For Coronavirus  
Thanks to whoever stole my #Specialized bike from the #RoyalFreeHospital during my 12 hour shift over the Easter Weekend when we’re fighting #coronavirus. Classy... 
Coronavirus is upending traditions for Passover and Easter—but religions have adapted for past pandemics, too 
FORCIBLY REMOVED: Eyewitness video shows a man being physically pulled off a Philadelphia bus by police after he was reportedly asked off for not wearing a mask amid the coronavirus outbreak, with city transit officials now rescinding that mask policy.  
SOCIAL DISTANCING DEFINITELY WORKS #coronavirus oh and probably wise to avoid ping pong atm .. #StayHome #StayAtHome #lockdown #uk #USA #vegan #GoVegan #Sunday #SaturdayMotivation #SaturdayVibes #SaturdayMorning #Covid_19 #DragRace #COVID2019 
Report says  are leaving China en masse — and the coronavirus is speeding up that change 
A test than can detect coronavirus in minutes has won approval in the US  #coronavirus 
Turkey hospital sees hope as 93-year-old #coronavirus patient discharged  
NEW: Coronavirus didn’t stop the party in South Beach. Along with 2 deaths, 38 later got sick  …
Best social distancing ad! #coronavirus #COVID19 
U.S. #coronavirus update: As of 4/11, 4:00 pm ET: * 525,559 #COVID19 confirmed cases * 20,374 confirmed deaths (in 42 days) * Case Fatality Rate (CFR) rises again to 3.9%* * Trump on 3/4: “Well, I think the 3.4% is really a false number.” —Referring to CFR as reported by 
Trump failed to respond. But in January and February, it was clear coronavirus would hit NY. Cuomo and de Blasio could have instituted full lockdowns by early March when first cases appeared. Meanwhile, Washington State and California moved more quickly and saved many lives.
The SF Bay Area was the first metro area to enact a shelter-in-place policy. Today, California is 30th in Coronavirus death rate despite being one of the first states affected. Policies that save lives are the smart and clear choice. #OpenAmericaNow is choosing death.
Real Sociedad are set to  first La Liga side to resume training as Spain begins to ease coronavirus restrictions 
“WISCONSIN IS IN A MINORITY OF STATES THAT HAVEN’T PASSED ANY LEGISLATION RELATED TO THE CORONAVIRUS OUTBREAK” Evers’ first relief proposal came three full weeks ago. Republicans running the Legislature have not taken one single action to address the crisis. Not. One.  …
NEW: 550 sailors from the USS Theodore Roosevelt aircraft carrier have tested positive for coronavirus - U.S. Navy
Donald Trump's Virginia vineyard could be eligible for a federal bailout under the $2.2 trillion coronavirus stimulus he signed into law last month, despite provisions in the bill that were intended to prevent him and his family from personally benefiting.  …
Sex offenders are among inmates released due to coronavirus pandemic, the Monroe County Sheriff’s Office said 51 inmates from the county jail were released on Saturday at the direction of the New York State Division of Parole. Follow @FangtasticMAGA  …
“As a gun owner, I view local gun shops’ efforts to remain open for business during the current novel coronavirus pandemic excessive and disheartening. As a physician, I view this as a deplorable scheme to trade profit for public health....”  …
Bokhari: Facebook’s Fact-Checkers Have Failed to Fact-Check HuffPo‘s Anti-Trump Coronavirus Disinformation  …
This week, the Premier of Ontario, Canada's largest province, abruptly stopped one of his daily coronavirus press conferences. Why? To thank Christopher, his sign language interpreter, who'd been by his side translating for weeks. 
Symptoms of SEVERE HUNGER is the same with CORONAVIRUS? 1. Difficulty in breathing. 2. Dry Throat. 3. Hearing of imaginary voices 4. Coughing hard 5. Chest pain.
Researchers have developed a new app that uses artificial intelligence technology to determine whether a person has COVID-19 based on the sound of their cough. The app has a 70% accuracy rate. #covid19 #coronavirus  … via @neurosciencenew
Every Coronavirus press conference sounds like an oral book report for a book Trump never heard of.  …
JUST IN: Health secretary twice warned Trump about coronavirus threat: NYT  
The US Forest Service just shutdown the Gorge my brother & I fished Thursday because of Coronavirus. Fishing is not a team or contact sport. You fish in mountain streams alone from others. This crap is getting ridiculous.
Germany steps in to help out Ireland by analysing the test results for Irish Coronavirus patients. That’s just one of the benefits of staying in the EU. You can call on your friends!
Coronavirus: Number of US deaths rises to over 19,600 - higher than Italy  …
Domestic violence is an evil that exists in every society. But in patriarchal Madagascar, the problem is entrenched and seems bound to worsen in the coronavirus lockdown 
Margarita delivery services hit NYC to get us through coronavirus  
Coronavirus stopped drag queen story time
Nearly as many Americans have died of coronavirus in the last 24 hours alone as died in the Pearl Harbor attack  …
U.S. coronavirus death toll climbs past 19,500: Reuters tally  
Isn’t our Governor smart. Illegal to go to church on Easter Sunday. But it’s OK for 1400 construction workers to keep building Raiders Stadium. Priorities! And of course construction workers can’t get CoronaVirus, right?
GOOD NEWS: Senator Rand Paul Beats Coronavirus Now Back Volunteering to Treat Patients  …
The only way to travel! Another great piece of creativity in the #Covid_19 world! #coronamemes #COVID #coronavirus #LifeInLockdown #QuarantineLife 
At the time of the Tablighi conference, India had not  social distancing. India’s Health Secretary Lav Agarwal told reporters, “It is important to understand that it [coronavirus] is not a health emergency,” cautioning against panic. (6/n)
BREAKING: The Health Secretary warned Trump about Coronavirus months ago, according to the New York Times. That means that Peter Navarro, the CDC, FEMA, the Health Secretary, U.S. Intel, and Barack Obama all warned Trump about the virus, and then he proceeded to lie to America.
If you're tweeting #ImpeachWhitmer you're probably going to Easter services, catching Coronavirus and dying  of diabetes
"We're afraid of the virus but we can't do anything" The refugees and asylum seekers living on the margins during the coronavirus outbreak  
Islamophobia in India has risen exponentially since news broke that some members of the Tablighi Jamaat, a Muslim religious reform movement, had met at an annual conference in New Delhi in mid-March and later tested positive for the coronavirus. (4/n)
Bokhari: Facebook’s Fact-Checkers Have Failed to Fact-Check HuffPo's Anti-Trump Coronavirus Disinformation  …
What do Germany, Taiwan and New Zealand have  Well, they’ve all got female leaders and they’re all doing an exceptional job in their response to the coronavirus crisis.  …
Wearing mask for the Coronavirus! 
Shush, SW #Iran The small girl is showing signs of #coronavirus & instructions are placed for her immediate transfer to a hospital. Despite the ongoing pandemic senior officials are easing quarantine measures & ordering people back to work. 
PRESS RELEASE: Indian American groups condemn scapegoating of Muslims for Coronavirus spread in India, urge PM Modi to stop hate (1/n)
> @SenateMajLdr was half-right: @realDonaldTrump WAS distracted.... Republican group attacks president for golfing during coronavirus outbreak: "Trump just didn't care"  …
My current mood  #Resist #coronavirus #COVID19
Six critically ill #coronavirus patients in #Israel who are considered high-risk for mortality have been treated with Pluristem’s placenta-based cell-therapy product and survived!  …
 around the world take precautions against the coronavirus pandemic, some places are dealing with an additional safety threat: severe weather outbreaks. 
“As a gun owner, I view local gun shops’ efforts to remain open for business during the current novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic excessive and disheartening. As a physician, I view this as a deplorable scheme to trade profit for public health....” 
The Kansas Supreme Court is meeting by Zoom to avoid gathering in one room while they decide if the Kansas GOP's attempt to override the Democratic governor's public gatherings restrictions to spark a massive #coronavirus outbreak amongst church goers.  …
Fauci: Coronavirus immunity cards for Americans are 'being discussed' in This guy is dangerous! Sadly, a good portion of Americans are clueless. 
While the cost of the #coronavirus pandemic will be trillions, the long term gains for the United States are shaping up to be extraordinary.  …
Donald Trump has bluffed his way through his entire career — and now the coronavirus is taking him out  …
How prevalent are false negatives for coronavirus tests? Worryingly so, say doctors seeing patients 
As the U.S. grapples with the coronavirus outbreak, @AOC says progressives need to keep fighting for universal healthcare, a living wage, and justice for incarcerated people and undocumented immigrants. "We need to have a strong agenda across the 
Coronavirus alarmists upset over police ticketing churchgoers in their own cars is pretty rich. MILLIONS ARE GUNNA DIE! WE DON’T HAVE EVEN 10% OF THE VENTILATORS!! WHY WON’T TRUMP LOCKDOWN MONTANA!! OMG THEY’RE TICKETING CHRISTIANS IN THEIR OWN CARS! How about you blow me
Wayne County has now surpassed the state of California in coronavirus deaths.
Spain has recorded its lowest number of deaths for 19 days related to #COVID19. Earlier, Sky's @alexrossiSKY witnessed the battles inside an intensive care unit treating #coronavirus patients in Barcelona. More on this story here:  
Fifteen 15 Volcanoes registered eruptions during April 2020. The last to erupt Indonesia's #Krakatoa would have activated the Pacific Ring of Fire. Tremors and fumaroles in the world left #Coronavirus in the background. #Apocalypse #Apocalyptic 
I know it's a thing on Twitter to say, "Amazing how the coronavirus proves what people always believed." But really am unsure why now is exactly the time I should give up my belief in socialism.  …
The Trump administration still has no clear plan for ending the coronavirus crisis, but it does have many task forces. Inside the coronavirus crisis, three months and counting. W/ @yabutaleb7 + 
The reason the Trump regime lies is because it works. It’s very simple. There are millions of people who will vote for him in November totally convinced that he was the only one taking coronavirus seriously in the early days of this crisis.  …
#ShineYourLight for those who have  ill or lost their lives to the coronavirus, and for all the frontline staff who are working so hard on behalf of the rest of us #thankyou 
U.S. coronavirus death toll reaches 20,000, more than half a million confirmed cases  …
The Pentagon is executing its first project under the authorities granted by the Defense Production Act in order to produce more than 39 million critical N95 masks amid the ongoing coronavirus pandemic 
#ShineYourLight: Tributes to coronavirus victims and frontline workers  …
TONIGHT. Gather your face and point it at this. Me and a bunch of fabulous people are doing a FUN ASS IMPROMPTU thing #SaturdayNightSeder - also it’s a benefit for Coronavirus emergency response. 8PM ET tonight on  . 
Pretty big talk for a guy who could be sent to a prison full of coronavirus at anytime.  …
Hundreds of Irish households shone a light out of their home windows on Saturday at 9pm, as part of a national tribute to those who have died or have been diagnosed with coronavirus, and to frontline workers responding to the outbreak  …
John Hopkins University hosted #Event201 alongside the Gates Foundation in Oct 2019. Event 201 was a pandemic exercise that played out a novel coronavirus pandemic with major consequences. In real life, @JohnsHopkins the institution that keeps the total score of COVID-19 
These kids in the UK couldn't go skiing due to the coronavirus. So their father did the next best thing. He made a ski hill for them in the backyard, including the ski lift. 
China is purchasing ads on U.S. social media sites attempting to shape the international narrative about the coronavirus response. Our own media is helping China by parroting their propaganda. Funny how the fact checkers are no where to be found.  …
Just one of the many ways in which our ruling elite sent the wrong message to the public about the severity of the coronavirus epidemic. They had seen what had happened in Wuhan and was happening in Italy, and they carried on as usual.  …
Someone in WWE has apparently tested positive for coronavirus. If this is true then continuing to film shows live and doing live events is even more stupid that I first thought. Wrestling isn't essential, go on a break and put your employees health first.
Coronavirus alarmists outraged at police overreach is pretty rich. WE’RE ALL GUNNA DIE! MASS GRAVES! EXPONENTIAL! WHY WONT TRUMP LOCK DOWN WYOMING! HOW DARE THEY PULL THAT UN-MASKED MAN OFF THE BUS! Go fuck yourselves.
As long as humans insist on abusing and exploiting animals on factory farms, stronger and deadlier pathogens than the novel #coronavirus will emerge from the global food system. We must #TakePandemicsOffTheMenu by rethinking what we eat.  …
Obama just shut the fk up! Nobody cares! You’re the worst President ever! Trump is our President now and he’s fixing the mess you left behind! Obama on Friday used the Coronavirus as an excuse to push for ‘vote-by-mail’ in November. Pls follow  …
The same WHO who assured usthat there was no evidence for human to human transmission of the coronavirus? The same WHO  China's containment efforts while condemning our travel restrictions as detrimental and discriminatory? That WHO?  …
that coronavirus guy really needs to take the hint that no-one likes him
Data from @CDCgov is suggesting the coronavirus was present in the US, specifically California, as early as December. “This wasn’t recognized because we were having a severe flu season ... If you got a mild case of COVID, you didn’t really notice." 
More than 2,200 coronavirus deaths in nursing homes, but federal government isn't tracking them The numbers are likely a significant undercount, given the limited access to testing and other constraints, state officials and public health experts say.  …
The right needs to correlate their coronavirus narrative. Is it a hoax? An exaggeration? The flu?? A national emergency? Or state's responsibility? China's fault? CDC? WHO? Obama? Dems? Perfect response or distracted? Plenty PPE? Or did nurses steal it? Get your lies straight.
Reported US coronavirus deaths: Right now: 20,071 deaths 24 hrs ago: 17,925 deaths 48 hrs ago: 15,938 deaths 72 hrs ago: 13,829 deaths
This is how Mnangagwa’s regime failed this country! Looted money meant for Command Agriculture created food shortages. The Coronavirus then happened. Bcoz of the looting, our people can’t stay at home as they search for food! Our folks will perish thanks to looting Checheche 2day 
Tonight we #ShineALight for all the health care workers , all those who have lost their lives to #coronavirus & all those who are suffering during this pandemic. It's the first light to shine in this house , a sign of hope that brighter times will follow 
#BREAKING US death toll in coronavirus outbreak passes 20,000, according to Johns Hopkins 
I don't know about you but this Wuhan China COVID-19 Chinese Coronavirus situation has me really pissed off. Especially after I thought about it side-by-side with 9/11. Follow my emotion here folks. The Wuhan China COVID-19 Chinese Coronavirus will change our lives ... (more)
Please say a prayer for Jackie’s Dad who died from Coronavirus  …
Pollution drops 30 percent in Northeastern US amid coronavirus restrictions  
Senate Intel Chair Sold Dutch Fertilizer Stock in 2018, Right Before a Collapse The newly identified  as Sen. Richard Burr is under federal investigation for selling stocks ahead of the coronavirus stock market crash.  …
"We know that coronavirus will not  us." The Queen has recorded her first ever Easter message, drawing on her own personal faith to reassure the nation. Full message here:  
If your state’s U.S. senator acted as a disease vector for the coronavirus rather than as a responsible human being, you... can’t do anything until he’s up for re-election. Which, as it turns out, Rand Paul will be in 2022.  …
New research shows anti-Coronavirus drugs could be produced for pennies. But Big Pharma will never let them be affordable.  …
Why are Black People all of a sudden the face of the Coronavirus? It seems like the media only uses us to get their agenda across because of what our people have gone through in this country. They don’t care about us, they only care about the influence that we have as a people.
Sturgill Simpson says he experienced coronavirus symptoms in March and tested positive for the disease earlier this week 
Why Black Americans are disproportionately dying from coronavirus — Four ugly reasons explain how and why  are being hit so hard  …
The same day Trump claimed to have the coronavirus outbreak “very much under control in this country,” his top disaster response official at the Department of Health and Human Services sent an email that should have been the White House’s holy-shit moment. 
Many countries have discontinued the use of hydoxychloroquine as a coronavirus treatment due to severe side effects. In Trump’s own words: “We can’t let the cure be worse than the disease.”  …
Another 100 crew members on board the USS Theodore Roosevelt have tested positive for the novel coronavirus, the Navy announced Saturday, bringing the total number of cases tied to the aircraft carrier to 550 
Apparently no "white folks" are bus drivers, cops or healthcare workers, dying from coronavirus: “I just can’t hear about one more black health care worker, police officer or bus driver die while... white folks outraged because they can’t go golfing.” - Mich AG Dana Nessel
Rs 1.62 crore a day: Cost of PM Modi's SPG security cover... Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced setting up of the PM CARES fund on March 28 to fight the coronavirus outbreak in the country.. ARE WE IN SAFE HANDS?
There are 20,061 dead Americans as of today due to coronavirus. The WHO can’t be blamed. The scientists can’t be blamed. Barack Obama can’t be blamed. Hillary Clinton can’t be blamed. This travesty lays at the feet of Donald Trump, who called it a hoax. We need a real President.
The state canceled in-person voting for its party-run primary amid concerns about the spread of the coronavirus and is conducting the election entirely by mail. 
“The Harvard study found that a person living for decades in a county with high levels of fine particulate matter is 15 percent more likely to die from the coronavirus than someone in a region with one unit less of the fine particulate pollution” ONE less unit. ONE
“Yes, we’ve made strides. But we are still, in the public eye, a perpetual foreigner.” Tzi Ma talks "Tigertail," "Mulan" and Anti-Asian bigotry during the coronavirus pandemic 
Defund & privatize, the old playbook: White House rejects bailout for U.S. Postal Service battered by coronavirus  …
‘Lady Gaga, U2, Rihanna Are Music’s Heroes During Coronavirus Pandemic’  …
The farmworkers putting food on America's tables are facing their own coronavirus crisis  
Care homes are the forgotten frontline in this coronavirus crisis. People are dying of covid 19 in homes and the numbers aren’t being officially recorded. We spent the day in a nursing home and this is what we found.  …
Stakeholder capitalism is urgently needed - and the COVID-19 crisis shows us why  #coronavirus 
The Consumer in the Age of Coronavirus  … via @@sarasotainst
Michigan AG Dana Nessel blames "white folks outraged because they can’t go golfing,” for high rate of coronavirus deaths among African-Americans.  …
Tech billionaire Bill Gates wants to make a lot of coronavirus vaccines, fast. His plan could be really expensive. Wasteful, even. But it just might work. 
“Why is a dissenting voice from the mainstream opinion shouted down so often by social media? Why does social media demand consensus? Rational public policy requires robust arguments on multiple sides of an issue.”— @ClayTravis on social media and the coronavirus 
This song about coronavirus is absolutely amazing 
#Coronavirus #COVID19 #Vietman Residents wearing face masks practice social distancing as they wait in a queue for free rice in Hanoi. @MananVatsyayana 
What are the true origins of the Coronavirus? Bats in China are raising questions. A Watters’ World investigation with @StevenWMosher and @JesseBWatters , tonight. #FoxNews 8pm 
What’s the opposite of an Amber Alert? #coronavirus #economy  …
Coronavirus has exposed the myth of British exceptionalism, which has nurtured a profound reluctance to impose life-saving restrictions on movement and social gatherings. On the altar of this exceptionalism, lives have been sacrificed By ⁦  …
Whatever this was it was not an apology. Shame on you Home Secretary. Coronavirus: 'I'm sorry if people feel there have been failings' over PPE, says Home Secretary  …
And she would know wouldn’t she ... Melinda Gates warns 'coronavirus is not a once in a lifetime pandemic' 
14 deaths reported from Coronavirus in Pakistan in the last 24 hours - deaths are now 86 Deaths increased by over 19% in a 24-hour period - this is the biggest daily jump in deaths since the outbreak began
EXECUTIVE AUTHORITY, LEGITIMACY, CORONAVIRUS AND THE 1992 CONSTITUTION. please Read. 
South Korea’s approach to coronavirus was like perfectly executing Balanchine’s choreography. America’s has been like trying improv for the first time.
Yes, let's #OPENAMERICANOW on the same day the number of deaths from coronavirus tops 20,000, surpassing Italy. Idiots.
#Istanbul #coronavirus. First day of total lock down - except for doctors, policemen and journalist on duty, etc... Like a naked city who lost her voice. 
The U.S. SHOULD NOT bail out hedge funds and billionaires during the coronavirus pandemic. Chamath Palihapitiya: "We're talking about a hedge fund that serves a bunch of billionaire family offices, who cares? They don't get the summer in the Hamptons?"  …
“This American carnage stops right here and stops right now.” - Donald Trump, Jan. 20, 2017 • Coronavirus: 20,000+ dead • Hurricane Maria: 2,975 dead • Las Vegas shooting: 58 dead 
Boris Johnson could be off work for up to two months as he battles coronavirus  …
Guys!!!! If you want live updates on #COVID19 #COVIDー19 in Nigeria and other countries You can check this website for updates  #CoronaVirusUpdate #coronavirus #CoronaVirusInNigeria #COVID19Nigeria #ChinaLiedAndPeopleDied #ChinaMustExplain
Public 'very worried' and do NOT want coronavirus lockdown eased It Will Be September Before A Vaccine Will Be Found! I Will Stay Safe Until Then! 
I'm sad to report that we've lost 7 more Rhode Islanders to Coronavirus. Please keep their friends and families in your thoughts and prayers at this heartbreaking time.
Updates on the coronavirus pandemic: • U.S. toll rises to about 20,000, eclipsing Italy. • European nations employ roadblocks, drones, helicopters to discourage Easter travel. • Twenty-four residents of an Indiana nursing home hit by virus have died. 
Trump is ready to veto the next phase of the coronavirus rescue if it contains help for the post office. Because motherfuckers are gonna fuck mothers. It's what they do.  …
Texas man arrested by FBI after claiming he paid someone to spread Coronavirus at grocery stores. 
Here’s @latimes article on coronavirus being in California long before anyone knew. Article speculates on potential December arrival.  …
Judge releases Michael Avenatti from jail due to coronavirus threat 
Miami Police Chief Jorge Colina said the department will be investigating the detainment of a University of Miami doctor, who helps test the homeless for the novel coronavirus, outside his home on Friday. 
Who is responsible for the death of 25000 #coronavirus victims in #Iran 
#Nunes COULD BE SUED for spreading COVID-19 misinformation “Ten people in #TulareCounty have died from COVID-19 so far The Republican congressman continues to downplay the coronavirus threat in his regular #FoxNews interviews #MOG  …
Like with most events, the national ballroom championships at BYU were cut short this spring because of the coronavirus. But not before two women there danced together and made history at the conservative college.  
We keep hearing we'll have a coronavirus vaccine in 12-18 months. That's unlikely, says vaccine researcher @PeterHotez--even though everyone is racing. The fastest vaccine ever developed: 4 years. Most: 10-25 years.  …
Fk no! Iran hates America!Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., has urged President Trump to reverse a reported plan to block an Iranian request to the IMF for $5 billion in aid to fight the coronavirus crisis. Please follow  …
thanks to coronavirus, I finally have the time to make a bunch of  recipes that I always wanted to do... but not the motivation.
Covid-19 isn't the first coronavirus that the Chinese government's censorship allowed to  a global pandemic. It did the same thing with SARS in 2003.  
This is so beautiful: an Arab nurse at an Israeli hospital reads the Four Questions, generally recited by children during the Passover Seder, to elderly patients who are unable to be with their grandchildren on the holiday due to the coronavirus. 
I’m shining my light for the 320 people who lost their lives to #coronavirus. May they Rest In Peace. #ShineYourLight 
Mark Jones on 5G towers and Coronavirus Wake up sheeple. Wake up Patriots!! 
Coronavirus cases on USS Theodore Roosevelt spike to 550 
ALERT Almost 500 aboard aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt are infected with the coronavirus  …
The news broadcaster was almost gleeful to report that the U.S. now leads the world in coronavirus deaths. Our population is much larger than most other countries. We have a lot of obese, diabetic people here We have Democrat run cities that are hotbeds. Dems don't wash much.
Coronavirus can travel up to 13 feet: study  
Rare video from the frontline in the war on Coronavirus via ⁦ @NickKristof⁩ of ⁦ @nytopinion⁩ Suggest watching until the end. Stay home. Stay  …
Coronavirus Got Rid of Smog. Can Electric Cars Do So Permanently? - WSJ  …
91+ people who were “cured” from the new coronavirus tested positive again in South Korea. Officials say the virus may have been ‘reactivated’...which means it may be like HIV or herpes remaining in body and flaring up as many of us have reported+feared. 
CNN got trolled so hard by a smart and savvy Trump supporter during their live virtual town hall on Coronavirus Oh lordy, this is good stuff!  …
Our landing lights symbolise new beginnings when better days will return. #shineyourlight at 9pm to symbolise hope & solidarity with anyone those who have died from coronavirus, their loved ones, people who are sick with Covid-19, emergency workers & those who feel isolated. 
Homeowners and buyers encouraged to look into record-low interest rates amid coronavirus pandemic 
The WHO declared the coronavirus outbreak a global pandemic on March 11, a timing it justified on the basis that the disease had taken hold in enough countries around the world.  …
US now leads world in deaths, day after Trump announces 'Opening our Country' task force. As the president mulls when restrictive coronavirus measures might start to be lifted, the US passed a grim milestone of leading the world in deaths from the virus.  …
In the world’s fight against #coronavirus, female leaders show the way Germany, Denmark, New Zealand and Taiwan show that elected leaders can operate effectively without the twin crutches of disinformation and demonisation Cc  …
Queen Elizabeth II is using her Easter message to encourage hope in the face of the coronavirus outbreak, saying it "will not  us." 
Children in Libya caught between the Hammer and the Anvil! The conflict and the #CoronaVirus are affecting the lives of children in #Libya #ForEveryChild, peace and 
Italy on Saturday reported 619 new deaths from the novel coronavirus, taking its total since the end of February to 19,468, higher than any other country. Read more:  …
Listening to otherwise very good @guardian podcast on 100 days of coronavirus, @patrickwintour repeats government line herd immunity was by-product not purpose of original strategy. That makes no sense. Only possible justification for delay was to allow enough people to get virus
Trump Says Americans Must "Quickly Forget" About Coronavirus Once It Goes Away. We're won't forget about the virus, or that you're impeached, or that you've yet to release your taxes, or that Mexico isn't paying for the wall, or that haven't U divested from your businesses.
A huge thank you to everyone in Surrey who has listened and is following government advice this bank holiday weekend to #StayHome despite the good weather. You’re making a difference and playing a vital part to help #ProtectTheNHS and slow the spread of coronavirus to save lives. 
Mums and dads, you deserve praise! You are stars! Looking after kids 24-7 during #COVID19 isn’t easy. Remind yourself of what you did well today. Think about the good moments. More parenting tips while we #StayAtHome  … #coronavirus 
Fightful has heard from several members of the WWE roster that a memo was sent out a week ago noting a positive COVID-19 test in  WWE Talent Say Company Sent Memo About Positive Coronavirus COVID-19 Test  …
Coronavirus latest: UK opens its first mass coronavirus-testing facility, the first of three. Tracking app data suggest loss of smell is a key COVID-19 symptom. @CERN scientists manufacture masks, hand sanitiser, and design open-source 
#Somalia: Two CoronaVirus patients at Mogadishu’s De Martini health facility in a “critical state” and need further medical care to save their lives, according to @AbikarDr. The Minister cautioned that the disease was “gradually” spreading within the population. #Covid_19
Easter isn't cancelled, says the Queen in her first ever recorded Easter message. "Indeed", she says, "we need Easter as much as ever" because of the #coronavirus crisis. READ:  …
During the #coronavirus pandemic, @USPS is maintaining nationwide service of delivering essential mail and parcels. Nearly 500 postal workers have tested positive for #COVID19 and 462 others are presumptive positives. Nineteen have died; more than 6,000 are in  …
“Everyone’s anxious to get out as soon as possible.” ICYMI: Thousands rushed to train stations and the #Wuhan airport after the 76-day #coronavirus lockdown was lifted. More @business:  
A South Florida emergency room doctor fighting coronavirus on the front lines is being forced to battle in court after losing shared custody of her daughter due to her work. 
#China is censoring #coronavirus scientific research:  . So do ya think there's something especially nasty Beijing does not want us to know?
238 employees at the Smithfield meatpacking plant in Sioux Falls, South Dakota have now tested positive for coronavirus. Increase of 48 since yesterday.  …
Coronavirus is causing absolute mayhem with people's mental health, particularly those of us who already have anxiety disorders. I can manage mine, but the support services - including some charities - are absolutely shite.
Massachusetts, Utah and North Dakota are among those working on the kinds of strategies needed to arrest the coronavirus’s spread and lift the social-distancing measures that have shuttered much of the U.S. economy 
"There’s a part of me that just wants to scream: This is unfair." Funeral services at many houses of worship have been suspended indefinitely because of the coronavirus, robbing families of the rituals that follow death. 
The Coronavirus is VERY serious. Take THIS precaution to prepare yourself 
New signs suggest coronavirus was in #California far earlier than anyone knew It was "a lot longer than we first believed" — most likely since "BACK IN DECEMBER” The symptoms were flu-like... so threaten like the flu I WAS SICK IN DECEMBER TOO?  …
Apple and Google are jointly building software into iPhone and Android devices to help track the spread of coronavirus by telling users if they contacted an infected person and are potentially sick themselves. The new project is slated for release in May. 
New: Bad news For me, I'm entered quarantine after aide tested positive of coronavirus. I want to thank the people of India, they want me to be very supportive, please pray for me,, Thank You
JUST IN: GOP lawmakers say Fauci may be doing more harm than good amid coronavirus response  
Hey @DavidDobrik + Vlog Squad, I have an idea to help support the pandemic situation and nurses like my mom. @jasonnash @natalinanoel @CorinnaKopf @ImNotScottySire @zane @todderic_ @HeathHussar @MariahAmato @carlyincontro @ughitsjoe @FanjoyCo @SeatGeek #DavidsVlogs #coronavirus 
My husband and I made up a new drinking game. Every time we see someone shake hands in a movie we yell, “CORONAVIRUS!!” and take a shot.
I’ve just had it reported to me that staff in Galway hospitals (Ireland) are being asked to take annual leave it’s so quiet. #COVID19 #coronavirus
HUGE EXCLUSIVE: Chinese Doctor Shi Zhengli Ran Coronavirus Research in Wuhan After US Project Was Shut Down by DHS in 2014 for Being Too Risky -- PRIOR LEAK KILLED RESEARCHER  …
Here’s the latest on the coronavirus: - The U.S. is the world’s deadliest hotspot - France reported a drop in new fatalities for the second day - Ireland’s toll climbs to 320 
WATCH: Bill Maher defends calling coronavirus "Chinese virus," mocks Democrat Ted Lieu  
More than 20,000 dead from coronavirus in the United States in just one month. March 11: 38 dead March 14: 57 dead March 21: 301 dead March 28: 2,222 dead April 4: 8,469 dead April 11: 20,233 dead  
The first confirmed case of #coronavirus in the UK was 31st Jan. If I'm not mistaken a call to industry to repurpose & make ventilators came 44 days later...the call to industry for PPE came 66 days later. Why so long?
Help Italy with what? The US just surpassed them in #COVID19 deaths and they have flattened their curve.... #GOPlague @realDonaldTrump orders U.S. government to help Italy in coronavirus fight 
Breaking: Coronavirus death toll in the United States has surpassed 20,000.
FNC’s Carlson: ‘We Have No Real Explanation for Why the Coronavirus Spread Throughout the West, but Not Throughout China’  …
States are releasing thousands of inmates in response to coronavirus pandemic  …
Isn’t that the same amount of tests we are conducting daily in Nigeria? | Coronavirus: National coronavirus testing centre only conducting 1,500 tests a day  
If you are 65 or older, you are at higher risk for getting seriously ill from #coronavirus. Learn how you can take steps to protect yourself and slow the spread at  . 
She's right. Jane Goodall blames 'disregard for nature' for coronavirus pandemic  …
See: Trump and Fox News: the dangerous relationship shaping America's coronavirus response  …
Upside: coronavirus dosent stand a chance. Downside: there are no more brick walls left standing in Amerca because everyone immedately ran through the closest one after watching this 
‘We can’t even have a pandemic without politics’ Bill Maher Rarely do I agree with Bill Maher. He’s right, it’s the China Virus (Period) ‘We Should Blame China’: Bill Maher Unloads On People Tip-Toeing Around Coronavirus Origins - The Daily Caller  …
A new reality is dawning for Democrats: The November election will likely hinge on the way American voters see President Donald Trump's response to the coronavirus. 
Will Trump and his enablers ever face accountability for the coronavirus massacre? 
I hope your sitting down when you read this whooper of a lie!More people in NYC have been tested, not to mention the rest of the country.Trudeau claims that Canada has tested more people for coronavirus than US – magAMedia  …
Three people you’d never bet against are Naval, Elon, and Trump. Naval is early coronavirus alarmer, Elon said it’s too much panic, and Trump wants economy reopened. Heuristic is broken on this one.
I couldn’t stop crying for this nurse, for the Uber driver struggling to make money, for the unseen janitors disinfecting, surrounded by the weight of their role, grocery store workers, transit workers, postal workers, immigrants w no aid. #coronavirus must make us better.  …
Excellent! VOBORIL: Coronavirus Policies Based On Math Error Will Fuel Populism In November  … via @dailycaller
Who is cleaning and pressing all the dress shirts, suits, ties, scarves, and blouses the president and his daily coronavirus breifing crew are wearing?
Laura Birx, left, is Deputy Director of Strategy, Planning and Management at Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Her mother, Deborah, right, is Coronavirus response co-ordinator for the Trump Administration. Is this a conflict of interest? 
Trump is out of control as he salivates over the  cash grab, which is why he just put his own IG in for "oversight": Corruption and Coronavirus - American Oversight  …
Coronavirus economy plans are clear: No return to normal in 2020 - Vox  …
There were 2000 #COVID__19 cases on April 2nd and 31 were dead 10 days ago in Pakistan now there are more than 5000 Coronavirus cases on April 12th and 86 dead all over Pakistan which means 3000 cases and 55 deaths in just last 10 days don’t take it easy please #StayAtHome
Coronavirus is over everyone 
Many #coronavirus "conspiracy theories" are wacky. A few theories, thought to be conspiratorial 10 days ago, are now considered to be possibly true or even probable. #China is hiding a lot, and that's not a good sign. @Lyndonx  …
Turkey's coronavirus death toll rises to 1,101 - minister  
If the models are right, Trumps strongest voting base will lose numbers. If the models are wrong, then Trump runs on coronavirus being the biggest media hoax of all time. It’s a gamble for sure. God seems to smile on Trump in a way I’ve never seen (other then Elon).  …
It’s getting harder to distinguish coronavirus mitigation policy and fascism
Democrats are trying to make #coronavirus a black and a brown controversy while simultaneously accusing President @realDonaldTrump of "racializing" the virus. My new book is out June 2, 2020  
How did it go from Black people  immune to Coronavirus to Black people now being more susceptible to getting it because of our use of seasoning? 
Surely the link between abusing animals and the world's health is now clear | Coronavirus outbreak | The Guardian  …
BREAKING: New York reports 9,946 new cases of coronavirus and 783 new deaths. Total of 180,458 cases and 8,627 deaths.
Telling my grandwanes this is how the Coronavirus started.. 
Guinea's President Alpha Conde advises citizens to drink hot water and take menthol to prevent them from contracting Coronavirus. 
California governor praises Trump's efforts to help state amid coronavirus crisis  
Unite Here was a rare union success story. But then the coronavirus decimated the restaurant, food service and hotel industries, where most of its 307,000 members work. “We’re fighting for our survival,” its president told ProPublica. 
please..... i’m begging you...... we’ve currently got outbreaks of coronavirus, african swine fever and now bird flu....... they all started bc of farming and eating animals...... please stop for the love of god i don’t wanna die bc people refuse to eat a fuckin veggie burger  …
'Coronavirus will not  us': the Queen's Easter message – video  …
US has now surpassed Italy on number of deaths from coronavirus.  …
Data indicates there no material differences in fatalities between Sweden, Brazil, and the U.S. leading the casual observer to question why is the US killing its economy A valid question, is it not #COVID19 #coronavirus  …
Sean Hannity on March 9th on a segment with GOPer Doug Collins: Coronavirus is the “new hoax.” Never forget.
10 out of 17 coronavirus patients in Osun recovered, discharged.
JUST IN: MORE TESTING KITS Cayman Islands Premier Alden McLaughlin has tweeted that Barbados has bought 20,000 coronavirus testing kits from Cayman Islands 
Hundreds of workers at meat plants across the United States have reported they contracted the coronavirus this past week, Bloomberg reports.  …
Guinea Conakry extends Coronavirus state of emergency by 21 days.
“US now has more coronavirus deaths than any other country, but the worst of epidemic may not be far off”, they say. So sad to see that no country learns anything about what other countries have experienced before. Same delusions, same hopeless hopes  …
the rnc is spending $1 million on digital ads praising trump’s response to the chinese coronavirus  after democratic groups poured millions into ads politicizing the pandemic, many of which were criticized for their dishonesty  …
NEW: Sudan needs $120 million ASAP in order to fight coronavirus Read more from the Reuters interview with health minister Akram Ali Altom:  …
Romney introduces bill forcing Trump to name global health coordinator, council amid coronavirus pandemic  
Back when the democrats were pushing the impeachment shit we all wondered what bigger thing was being planned out! I don’t believe this coronavirus just happened  along now by coincidence! DO YOU? 
California had a very bad flu season, hasn’t had much coronavirus spread. Is it possible the flu was coronavirus? If that was true state already has begun herd immunity because virus spread started back in December.  …
Tech giants see coronavirus as an opportunity to expand their powers of surveillance under the guise of supporting public health – but any new powers they accrue will likely  permanent.  …
Early returns are in. My reading of the evidence: 1. Mass testing for Coronavirus 2. Aggressive contact tracing 3. Isolation/lockdowns 4. Massive investment in vaccines, treatments, PPE and healthcare capacity Choose any four. Or at least three or two. But, no less than one.
Got #coronavirus symptoms? DC residents can get tested at the following sites with the help of our medical providers call ahead or book online More info:  
This Coronavirus deal has me turning into a bitchy Democrat. Staying at home...not  about everything... waiting on my unemployment and stimulus check...
Goodnight Islamicat army! Has been tiring day on lockdown again. Make sure all you infurdels is go outside lots and catch #coronavirus to save Pusslims some work. Praise be to Miaowhammad (pilchards be upon him). Cod is great 
N.J. down to just 61 ventilators as peak of coronavirus hospitalizations approaches  
Where are the tests? The tests that will save lives and flatten the curve? The mass testing that South Korea did when they found about #coronavirus at the same time as Trump did?
There are valid reasons to be cautious or concerned regarding Coronavirus vaccinations  by "nano-dot tattoos" etc, but this has absolutely nothing to do with the Mark of the Beast. There's so much misinformation, sensationalism, and paranoia floating around this topic.
Remember when they reported Harvey Weinstein had coronavirus over a week ago - then no more stories since? I do #fakenbake
550 crew members from the USS #TheodoreRoosevelt #aircraft #carrier have tested positive for #coronavirus, the U.S. Navy says. 92% of the sailors have been tested so far. 
Italy's coronavirus death toll rises by 619 to 19,468 with more than 150,000 cases 
HUGE: Ali Mokdad- The Researcher Behind Shady IHME Coronavirus Study - Was Forced to Retract Major Study for CDC over Computational Errors @GatewayPundit  …
Tomorrow is Easter, and I keep hearing Christians say that God will protect them from the coronavirus if they defy state orders and the advice of medical experts to go to church. Remember what Jesus told Satan, "Do not put the Lord your God to the test." Luke 4:12
Don't fall for the rhetoric — Trump's administration knew all about coronavirus. They chose not to act! Rhetoric? More like propaganda?| The Independent  …
Sudan's health minister says country needs $120 million to fight coronavirus  
Last month, a separate QAnon account originated a hashtag pushing a conspiracy theory about the coronavirus & hospitals, which then took off on multiple social media platforms.  …
you know what would be so funny as reaction pic? coronavirus but with lips and hoops and a hand with fingernails, OH! and put a gun in the other hand 
"This [ #COVID19] should bring humility to all countries. The risk to health workers is because of weak health systems. The reason we are not detecting the virus quickly is because of weak health systems. No country is immune." - @DrTedros at @WHO #coronavirus briefing 10 Apr. 
Coronavirus could have happened anywhere. Anywhere people eat pangolin and bat roulade. Whilst you're here, please help us top up our hedge fund investments to keep our journalism detached from reality. 
As at today the total number of confirmed #COVID19 cases is 2028 and the total number of deaths is 25 (Additional death from yesterday: A 61 year old male) Be serious coronavirus isn't playing with you Wash those beautiful hands and isolate yourself from crowded places 
Yes, yes it will. Louisiana church expecting 2,000 at Easter service despite coronavirus: 'Satan and a virus will not stop us' | TheHill  …
En un mois : cas de #coronavirus en Côte d’Ivoire guéris décès
According to the main independent watchdog monitoring migration in the Mediterranean, there are now 4 migrant boats at risk in the southern Med. Italy, Malta and Libya have all said their ports are shut to them, citing the Coronavirus.  …
Mumbai's Taj hotel staff test positive for coronavirus  …
#PPEforTheNHS Coronavirus: Remembering the NHS workers who have died  …
White House rejects bailout for Postal Service battered by coronavirus  …
Cuomo says New York coronavirus deaths are stabilizing at "horrific rate"  
Every politician right now is like, “no one will have to pay for coronavirus treatment,” but I’m all like what about these herpes???
Now Pakistan is sending Coronavirus +ive terrorists to Kashmir. In the below audio, he also reveals that he is in Pakistan (for training) and he said "My colleagues who are with me are inflected with Coronavirus & they (Terror group heads) are trying to send us back to Kashmir".  …
The coronavirus attacks your lungs. People who have respiratory illnesses like asthma are more likely to experience  or die from #COVID19. Pollution can cause respiratory problems like asthma. Polluters disproportionately target black & 
Coronavirus live: All 50 US states under disaster declaration for first time ever  …
UK death rates continue to rise above Germany, China & S.Korea as they adopted early lockdown and rigorous testing & tracing to isolate and stop coronavirus. Instead Priti Patel says UK priority “to slow the spread of coronavirus so that fewer people are sick at any one time” !! 
Singapore confirms 191 new coronavirus infections, eighth death  
Forensic dissection of HMG  from @campbellclaret. The underlying reality is that the Cabinet was selected on one criterion only: unquestioning Brexit loyalty. Competence didn't matter, so we now have a Brexit govt for the coronavirus crisis, and it's not up to the job.  …
Health Secretary Matt Hancock says his "heart goes out" to the families of the 19 NHS staff who have died after testing positive for #coronavirus. More on this story here:  
Woman spends $600 a month caring for feral cats in NYC amid coronavirus  
. @jack having basic ethics for how Twitter is run would be a far greater contribution to the world & stopping Coronavirus than his $1 billion donation. Stop Nazis, stop Russian bot trends, stop verified propagandists, stop abuse of women, stop Trump’s viral lies on the platform.
The coronavirus pandemic is highlighting long-existing racial disparities in our health care system that  know all too well. As we begin Black Maternal Health Week, we must also speak truth about the crisis afflicting Black mothers and babies. 
Trump approval rating lowers as his Clan start harbouring doubts of the Coronavirus has been handled. His Clan starts to wake up as a result of the Coronavirus Pandemic #wtpEBRC #wtp2020 @wtp__2020 @OneVoice1  … via @nbcnews
Catch Christine: I'll be joining @MSNBC's Joshua Johnson TONIGHT at 8:40 pm CST/9:40 pm EST - as we talk campaigning #TX31 & practicing medicine during #COVID19 Tune in then!  #coronavirus #texas #PutADoctorInTheHouse 
New signs suggest coronavirus was in California far earlier than anyone knew  …
Michael Avenatti, who was convicted of trying to extort over $20M from Nike, was temporarily released from a federal jail due to concerns over the coronavirus, authorities say. 
WHO investigating reports of coronavirus patients testing positive again  
Coronavirus has exposed our arrogant relationship with nature We pay too little attention to the fact that our arrogant relationship with nature fuels, and even causes, many of humanity’s greatest challenges  …
wow. Amidst coronavirus pandemic the govt is busy arresting a student for protesting against a discriminatory law. Look at the priorities of Delhi Police, arrested a pregnant lady amid lockdown.  …
Superb, but a very disturbing read... 26 February 2020: A memo from the government’s National Security Communications Team warns that in a worst-case-scenario half a million Britons could die from coronavirus.  …
So angry about this. When they shamefully attacked FOI legislation under the cover of the coronavirus crisis it was blatantly obvious it would be used to keep the public in the dark about what was happening with the coronavirus crisis.
Although much attention has been given to South Korea's surveillance programs, it has been the  sense ideas that have saved lives and slowed the spread of the coronavirus, argues 
April 9, 2020 at Traders Village for the San Antonio Food Bank to begin food distribution. Photo by William Luther. #coronavirus 
Problem w/ this is simple: social distancing was not in place when those dying or hospitalized last week would have been infected. That is due to time lag between infection, illness & ICU or death. This is a key evidentiary error the shutdown supporters are making. #coronavirus  …
NASA satellite sees air pollution drop over northeastern US amid coronavirus outbreak  … - #COVID19
#Pakistan Crossing ~5000 #CoronaVirus +'ve cases #of Fatalities across the world at 5k Pakistan - 86 (Apr 12) 1.7% US - 110 (Mar 16) 2.2% Italy - 233 (Mar 7) 4.6% Spain - 133 (Mar 13) 2.6% China - 132 (Jan 28) 2.6% India - 160 (Apr 7) 3.2% UK - 288 (Mar 22) 5.7%
Just Dance #SocialDistancing #SaturdayMorning #SaturdayMotivation #coronavirus 
U.S. CDC reports 492,416 coronavirus cases, 18,559 deaths  
Despite #coronavirus don't forget: it's #spring: sun is shining, birds are #twitter/ing... , nature awakes! #Easter means: hope! #printemps #Frühling #Primavera #Paques #Ostern #SemanaSanta #SettimanaSanta #video #forest #foret #bosque #oiseaux #pajaros 
German study shows coronavirus mortality rate of 0.37%, five times lower than widely reported numbers 
This is huge—and well documented. Key takeaway: the Chinese government was conducting dangerous experiments with bat Coronavirus at its primary military-civil fusion lab in Wuhan. That lab had a record of viruses escaping. Then a killer global pandemic hit, starting in Wuhan.  …
All 3 Tik Tok users have now been arrested by Nashik Rural Police. These 3 men made a Tik Tok video in which they said,  to India coronavirus. This virus is NRC of our God." 
7 more persons have tested positive for #Coronavirus in Chhattisgarh's Korba district: AIIMS Raipur Total positive cases in the state stand at 25 including 10 discharged/cured.
With movie theaters shut down around the country, find out how coronavirus could impact Hollywood forever  
A new batch of African migrants arrive to #Italy ( #Lampedusa) in the middle of the #Coronavirus.  about everything to our political "elite" in Europe  …
UK: Four-year-old boy beats coronavirus while also fighting rare form of cancer with gruelling chemotherapy sessions. Archie Wilks caught Covid-19 during treatment for a rare childhood cancer neuroblastoma. 
"How ‘The Office’ Would Refer to the Coronavirus"  
Only 30% of voters say Trump took the threat of coronavirus seriously from the start. In fact over 40% of Republican voters say he did not the threat seriously until after it already became a crisis 4/6
I have discovered a new career, going to bring crowds back post coronavirus 
France’s coronavirus-linked deaths slowed for a second day on Saturday 
An interesting and noteworthy ruling just now from Judge Justin Walker (W.D. Ky.), recently nominated to the D.C. Circuit, related to drive-in church services for #Easter as a way of dealing with the #coronavirus outbreak. #COVID2019 #COVID19  …
My son's friend's father was a very popular DJ who passed away from coronavirus. Kahari is a wonderful young man and DJ as well. Paid tribute to his father on Thursday. Their shared love of music and moving the crowd was part of their powerful bond. 
Pakistan’s Coronavirus situation April 1 crossed 2000 cases April 5 crossed 3000 cases April 7 crossed 4,000 cases April 11 crossed 5,000 cases April 14: let’s ease the lockdown
NEW: 10-month-old baby, who was the youngest coronavirus patient in Indian state of Karnataka, has recovered and discharged from hospital.
 that governments are irresponsibly abusing their powers somehow imagine that governments used their powers in the past responsibly. #Coronavirus : Masks on for populations. Masks OFF for governments.
New York is flattening the curve — but the state still lost 783 lives to the coronavirus over the last 24 hours, Gov. Andrew Cuomo said on Saturday. That marks the fifth straight day of more than 700 deaths per day. 
Facts: US is ~ 10 times the population of Canada. As of today, US has ~ 522,000 coronavirus cases and ~ 20,000 deaths. Canada has ~ 23,000 cases and 648 deaths. That is ~ 23x more cases in the US and ~ 31x more deaths. Have a seat.  …
British PM #BorisJohnson able to walk again as #coronavirus condition improves Excellent news! Keep up your strength. God bless you for a healthy recovery #PrayForBoris #COVID19 #London #COVIDー19 #UKlockdown  … via @nypost
Jane Goodall blames "disregard for nature" for coronavirus pandemic  
Nikole Hannah-Jones: 'It's not surprising that black Americans are bearing the brunt of coronavirus'  @nhannahjones @RevDrBarber @esglaude #velshi
Review of emerging pharmacotherapy for the treatment of #coronavirus disease  via @theABofPharmaC @KaitlinLandolf @syeungpharmd @jjheavner @CassidyClaassen @HeavnerPharmD @PharmacoJournal @ACCP 
Massive Coronavirus testing is possible. Some math: If test kits can at scale cost $3 each, and if we need 3 billion of them to test every American about 10 times over the six months, then that's $9 billion. That's ~0.3% of the cost of the recent bailout. cc: @paulmromer
WHO investigates reports of recovered coronavirus patients testing positive again  …
BREAKING: a new contagious disease coined the Coronavirus has been found in Wuhan, China
Who will be the first right winger to write a column declaring that if we summarily execute coronavirus patients and reimburse their families with cash, we'll both flatten the curve and stimulate the economy? I'm guessing it's Dennis Prager.
A 15-year-old member of a remote Amazon tribe in Brazil has died after contracting #coronavirus 
Queen Elizabeth II is using her Easter message to encourage hope in the face of the coronavirus outbreak, saying it "will not  us." 
Thank you to the many Americans who are celebrating special holidays at home this year. Your sacrifices are making a difference in the fight against Coronavirus. 
Coronavirus: 10 Ivory Coast returnees have tested negative twice – Osun gov 
𝐉𝐔𝐒𝐓 𝐑𝐄𝐌𝐄𝐌𝐁𝐄𝐑 The CoronaVirus  and go But the Government will 𝐍𝐄𝐕𝐄𝐑 forget how easy it was to take over your life. 𝐍𝐄𝐕𝐄𝐑 
Never forget that China lied about #coronavirus. When this is over, world  together and find a way to hold them responsible.
This is a trending hashtag on the day the United States' death toll from the coronavirus exceeded that of Italy's. This is mortifying. #OPENAMERICANOW
Rep. @katieporteroc released a report showing that in spite of warnings about #COVIDー19 from top officials and experts, Donald Trump not only did nothing about it, he allowed ramped up exportation of much-needed medical supplies. #DumpTrump #Coronavirus  …
There are growing fears in Whitehall that the impact of rapidly rising unemployment and deteriorating mental health from the lockdown may ultimately prove more lethal to the health of the country than the coronavirus.  …
UK prof claiming vaccine for #coronavirus could be ready by Sep -Animal data “just beginning  thru" -Human trial hasn't started -Based on a chimp adenovirus vector w/o prior approval validation -Platform w/o large-scale mfg “False hopes are more dangerous than fears.”  …
All of us are this little girl. A @NewYorker cartoon of mine just after #9/11. #COVID19 #coronavirus 
Of course. Because it's bollocks. Teen in remote Amazonian tribe tests positive for coronavirus  #FoxNews
Can we use #coronavirus as an opportunity to get rid of paper receipts?
Many women under lockdown for #COVID19 face violence where they should be safest: in their own homes. I urge all governments to put women’s safety first as they respond to the pandemic. -- @antonioguterres  #coronavirus 
“But Easter isn’t cancelled; indeed, we need Easter as much as ever. We know that coronavirus will not  us. As dark as death can be – particularly for those suffering with grief – light and life are greater.” Elizabeth the Confessor.  …
We're building evidence of how carers' lives are being affected by the coronavirus outbreak. Fill out our 15-minute survey today:  
With venues & bars shut down amid the #coronavirus, here's your guide to the best livestreamed music content right now 
Florence Nightingale’s legacy lives on as the world faces the COVID-19 coronavirus  #coronavirus 
Coronavirus pandemic: Former US Ambassador to UN Nikki Haley calls for investigation into the relationship between WHO and China  …
#Coronavirus #COVID19 #Spain Healthcare workers applaud in memory of their co-worker Esteban, a male nurse that died of the coronavirus disease at the Severo Ochoa Hospital in Leganes, near Madrid. Pierre-Philippe Marcou 
Chamath Palihapitiya: The U.S. shouldn't bail out hedge funds and billionaires during the coronavirus pandemic. "We're talking about a hedge fund that serves a bunch of billionaire family offices, who cares? They don't get the summer in the Hamptons?"  …
Don't be fooled by the platitudes @GregAbbott_TX op-ed posted in @dallasnews. Abbott takes credit for responsible Texans' social distancing, which he was late to endorse & did so only AFTER local leaders forced his hand. #txlege #coronavirus  …
U.S. Coronavirus deaths are now over 20 thousand. That's five thousand Benghazis. I don't seem to detect five thousand Benghazis worth of conservative outrage. More like… zero.
550 crew members from the USS Theodore Roosevelt aircraft carrier have tested positive for coronavirus, the US Navy says  
What matters more than the economy is your life. If you live in Arizona, California, Florida, Iowa, Maine, Montana, New York, Texas, Utah, or Vermont, I’m offering free telemedicine video visits with our team of doctors to evaluate you for the 
The secret weapon in the fight against coronavirus: women  …
When a Patient who recovered from coronavirus, is tested positive again after throwing recovery party  …
Over 1,000 new cases within 24 hours, India's #coronavirus COVID-19 tally crosses 7500, death toll 242  …
Why would the United States passing Italy in total Coronavirus Deaths be newsworthy? We have a much larger population, this was always going to be the  In other breaking news, Water is wet.
2,403 people died in the bombing of Pearl Harbor: A Day That Will Live In Infamy 2,996 people died on 9/11: Never Forget 19,882 people have already died from the coronavirus: The Horror Must Be Quickly Forgotten 12,469 Deaths from H1N1, 2 deaths from Ebola: Obama's Fault! 
Coronavirus after seeing Indians celebrate “thali bajao” and “diya jalao” events  …
“This is the sharpest decline in consumer spending that we have ever seen,” one economist said. See our full analysis of how, as the coronavirus spread, people across America have simply stopped spending at many businesses altogether. 
Even before the coronavirus, the retail industry was reeling as people gravitated toward  and discount brands. The current crisis has made things that much worse.  
We analyzed data from Earnest Research, which tracks and analyzes credit card and debit card purchases of nearly 6 million people in the U.S. Cash transactions aren't included, but the data provides a strong snapshot of the economic impact of the coronavirus. 
Amid the coronavirus pandemic,   together to celebrate Holy Week virtually. 
World Health Organization warns that a premature lifting of lockdown restrictions by countries fighting the coronavirus could spark a “deadly resurgence." 
Conservative crockpot Conspiracy theorist Domestic abuser? Drunk? Roid rager? Sandy Hook denier Shyster shilling #coronavirus cure What else can #AlexJones add to his resume? Guess he’s got a generate some cash to fight all these lawsuits.  … #via @HuffPost
#RepresentationMatters Michigan is one of the FIRST states to truly take a look at how racial disparities have led to higher coronavirus deaths in   …
Dutch coronavirus cases rise by 1,316 to 24,413: health authorities  
Valor Christian goes BLUE to support all healthcare workers, first responders, and everyone on the frontline of our fight with the coronavirus, especially here in Colorado. #ValorChristiangoesblue @govalorgbball @govalorbbball @govalorvball @Valoreagles 
BREAKING There’s been a spike in coronavirus cases at meat plants in the U.S., with hundreds of reported infections in just the last week. As we have been reporting, food supply chains globally are beginning to  very fragile. Major food inflation  
Coronavirus just took the life of a school coworker I spent 13 years with, as well as an aunt, and a family friend. It's hitting home, please stay safe, stay home, and take this seriously.
NEW: Number of confirmed coronavirus cases in Delhi has reached 1,000.
Is ... is this Jim Harbaugh saying God sent coronavirus to punish us for abortion?  
The Coronavirus has only exacerbated the perils of institutionalization and congregate living for disabled people. It is harmful and sometimes fatal captivity. #COVID19 #CripTheVote
After a researcher was able to capture on video that Kettering Medical Center was empty, no lines of sick people, three individuals from the hospital got outside the building and had a threatening attitude towards him. What are they trying to hide? Why the secrecy? #Coronavirus 
