Los Angeles International Airport is now screening passengers arriving from Wuhan, China, for symptoms of a mysterious, deadly new virus. #lax #coronavirus 
More than 100 @CDCgov staffers are being deployed to 3 US airports to screen passengers from Wuhan #China for "2019 Novel #Coronavirus" (SARS family). Only once since 1996 has CDC performed routine passenger health screening: during the 2014 #Ebola outbreak.  …
China's coronavirus cases likely grossly underestimated, study says  
Working in wet markets? Here are some tips to stay healthy: Frequently wash your hands with soap and water after touching animals and animal products. Disinfect equipment and working areas at least once a day. #coronavirus 
Shopping in wet markets? Here are tips to stay healthy Wash hands with soap & water after touching animals and animal products Avoid touching Avoid contact with sick animals and spoiled meat Avoid contact with stray animals, waste & fluids in market #coronavirus 
Practise #FoodSafety: Even in areas experiencing outbreaks, meat products can be safely consumed if these items are cooked thoroughly and properly handled during food preparation. #coronavirus 
The number of cases in an outbreak of a new strain of coronavirus in China is likely to have been grossly underestimated, according to a new study, which warns that human-to-human transmission of the mysterious virus may be possible. 
Practise #FoodSafety: Sick animals and animals that have died of diseases should not be eaten. #coronavirus 
#UPDATE The true scale of the outbreak of a mysterious SARS-like virus in China is likely to be far bigger than officially reported, scientists have warned, as countries ramp up measures to prevent the disease from spreading  #Wuhan #coronavirus 
Practise #FoodSafety: Use different chopping boards & knives for raw meat and cooked foods. Wash your hands in between handling raw and cooked food. #coronavirus 
Protect yourself & others from getting sick: Practice #FoodSafety  #coronavirus 
Protect others from getting sick: Avoid close contact when you are experiencing fever and cold or flu-like symptoms . Avoid spitting in public. Seek medical care if you have a fever , cough and difficulty breathing. #coronavirus 
China coronavirus: four new cases confirmed in Wuhan, but study says 1,723 people may have symptoms  …
AHEAD ON @GMA: Three airports in the U.S. will screen passengers arriving from Wuhan, China, the epicenter of an outbreak of a new coronavirus that's in the same family as SARS, MERS and  cold, health officials said Friday. @sramosABC has more.  
China coronavirus: at least three suspected cases found in Shenzhen, Shanghai, sources say 
The disease is caused by a virus now called the “Chinese CoronaVirus”. It is a virus never known of in human history but quite related to the same virus that caused the 2002/2003 SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome) which infected 8,000 people killing 700 in 26countries.
“It’s been 17 years since SARS, and we still don’t have any coronavirus vaccine. We don’t have any coronavirus antivirals."  …
CDC has updated information about an outbreak of novel #coronavirus in China with cases exported to Thailand and Japan. See new information for healthcare providers and laboratorians on who to test and what specimens to take to detect #2019-nCoV.  
Chinese authorities have detected a new outbreak of coronavirus. While this is the same family as the SARS virus, it appears to be a new disease. The disease has been connected to a seafood market in China, but the investigation is still ongoing.
As more cases of the novel coronavirus 2019-nCoV emerge, our CEO, Richard Hatchett, discusses how rapid genetic sequencing is helping speed the development of diagnostic tests, case detection and, potentially, a vaccine.  
The number of people already infected by the new #pneumonia emerging in China is greater than official figures suggest, say UK experts. There have been > 60 confirmed cases of the new #coronavirus, but the experts estimate a figure nearer 1,700.  … 
wuhan report 19th jan #coronavirus 17 new cases. onset before 13th jan. 9 of them below 60yo, 8 of them above. 
The true scale of the SARS-like virus in China is likely far bigger than reported, some estimates 1,723 people infected. Fears that it will spread farther & faster with the Lunar New Year on the 25th. 2020 is the Year of the Rat. #Outbreak #Pandemic #Coronavirus 
China reports 4 more cases of new strain of coronavirus  
Exclusive: China coronavirus: at least three suspected cases found in Shenzhen, Shanghai, sources say  …
The number of cases in an outbreak of a new strain of coronavirus in China is likely to have been grossly underestimated, according to a new study, which warns that human-to-human transmission of the mysterious virus may be possible. 
There is a mystery deadly virus sweeping through south east Asia: could it be the next Sars? #WuhanCluster #WuhanPneumonia #Wuhan #coronavirus  … via @Telegraph
HK govt publishes #of people quarantined, their status, virus identified every day on its website. So far 90 suspected cases, zero confirmed to be Wuhan strain, very few even in coronavirus family. So maybe stick to talking abt what you actually know   …
Three airports in the U.S. will screen passengers arriving from Wuhan, China, the epicenter of an outbreak of a new coronavirus that's in the same family as SARS, MERS and  cold, health officials said Friday. @sramosABC has more.  
Protect yourself from getting sick: Avoiding unprotected contact with sick people (including touching one’s eyes, nose or mouth) and with live farm or wild animals #coronavirus 
Two people in Wuhan, China have died after an outbreak of pneumonia linked to a new strain of coronavirus which is believed to have started in a seafood market 
A crypto shitposter is now a leading expert on the #CoronaVirus next to the world health organization @WHO 
#China confirms up to 40 cases of new coronavirus although mode of transmission remains unclear 
#India issues travel advisory out of ‘abundant caution’ as new #coronavirus takes hold in #China  
NEW: US airports begin screening passengers for Chinese coronavirus  
AIRPORTS SCREENING MYSTERY VIRUS: Federal officials will begin screening passengers flying from Wuhan, China, into New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco for a mystery coronavirus that's already spread to Japan and Thailand. @giobenitez reports.  
3 major U.S. airports will start screening for new coronavirus from China  by 
Throw the used tissue into a closed bin immediately after use Clean hands with soap and water or alcohol-based handrub after coughing or sneezing and when caring for the sick #coronavirus  …
Protect others from getting sick: Completely cover your mouth & nose with a tissue or a sleeve or flexed elbow when coughing or sneezing #coronavirus 
How to handwash? Use and water for at least 40-60 seconds How to handrub? Use alcohol-based handrub for 20-30 seconds #coronavirus 
Wash your with and running water when hands are visibly dirty. If your are not visibly dirty, wash them with and water or use an alcohol-based hand cleanser. #coronavirus 
Q: What can I do to protect myself from #coronavirus? A:  
ALERT: @CDCgov to screen passengers arriving from Wuhan #China to JFK, SFO + LAX for symptoms of a mysterious new virus that's killed 2 and infected 45 people. The “2019 Novel Coronavirus” is in the same family as SARS that infected 8,000 & killed 774.  …
While many questions remain about the new coronavirus in China, reports that it could spread underscore the need to be fully prepared. I’ve asked @SecAzar what steps HHS is taking to ensure we’re ready should this outbreak escalate or another global health threat 
In response to an outbreak in China caused by a novel (new) coronavirus, CDC will begin health screenings of travelers arriving from #Wuhan, China at 3 US airports.  #novelcoronavirus 
Q: What are the symptoms of #coronavirus infection? A: It depends on the virus,  signs incl. respiratory symptoms, fever, cough, shortness of breath & breathing difficulties. In more severe cases, it can cause pneumonia, severe acute respiratory syndrome, etc 
Q: What is a novel #coronavirus? A: A novel coronavirus, such as the 2019-nC0V, is a new strain of coronavirus that has not been previously identified in humans  
Japan reported its first case of a new coronavirus, which has infected 41 people in China, sparking concern about the virus's potential to spread during Chinese New Year next week, when millions are expected to be traveling. 
Q: What is a #coronavirus? A: Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses that are known to cause illness ranging from  cold to more severe diseases such as Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS)  
A second person has died in China from a new virus that has infected dozens of people. Chinese scientists identified the illness as a new strain of coronavirus, which is in the same family as the deadly severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS). 
Updated timeline of novel #Wuhan coronavirus progress. Ver6 Bit crowded - is the font too small? #WuhanCluster 
Size of Wuhan outbreak of a novel #coronavirus estimated from the three cases detected outside China: Likely to be over 1000 cases. @imperialcollege @mrc_outbreaks report released today  
Union Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has issued travel advisory for travellers visiting China, in the view of Novel coronavirus outbreak in China. 
Genomic machine learning by @CVRinfo and @IBAHCM supports the suspected bat origin of the novel Wuhan coronavirus, but cannot rule out intermediate hosts. See  … for algorithm details. Thanks to Fudan University, CDC China and @virological_org for the 
Chinese health authorities say a second person has died from a new coronavirus that has caused an outbreak of pneumonia in central China, @yananw 
Novel #coronavirus outbreak in #China: Travel Advisory to travelers visiting China. @PMOIndia @drharshvardhan @AshwiniKChoubey @PIB_India @NITIAayog @MoCA_GoI 
A new strain of coronavirus has been discovered in China — and now cases have been identified in Thailand and Japan, from travelers who  from the central city of Wuhan. Here's what you should know about the outbreak 
Health officials in Thailand said they had found a second case of the mysterious pneumonialike coronavirus that has left two people dead and at least 40 sick in China 
A second person has died in China from a new virus that has infected dozens of people. Chinese scientists identified the illness as a new strain of coronavirus, which is in the same family as the deadly severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS). 
Chinese Coronavirus Cases Discovered In Japan And Thailand  … 
Coronavirus: second death in China after Sars-like outbreak  …
Japan reported its first case of a new coronavirus, which has infected 41 people in China, sparking concern about the virus's potential to spread during Chinese New Year next week, when millions are expected to be traveling. 
And, most importantly, this coronavirus doesn’t seem to easily transfer from person to person. We’re reporting on this to keep people updated but everyone should retain perspective. #China
LATEST: Another patient died of the novel coronavirus; five remain in serious condition amid the recent pneumonia outbreak in central China's Wuhan, local health authority said on Thursday. 
Update: A 69-year-old man in China has died from the mysterious coronavirus. He is the second person killed by the disease in less than a week.   …
Japan reported its first case of a new coronavirus that has sickened 41 people in China, adding to concerns about the spread of the virus outside Chinese borders ahead of a major holiday 
WHO encourages all countries to continue preparedness activities on the novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV)  …
Not enough is known about the novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) to draw definitive conclusions about how it is transmitted, clinical features of disease, or the extent to which it has spread. The source also remains unknown  
This is the second confirmed case of the novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) that has been detected outside of #China, following confirmation of a case in #Thailand . Considering global travel patterns, additional cases in other countries are likely  
The Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare @MHLWitter, today informed WHO of a confirmed case of a novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in a person who travelled to #Wuhan, #China  
Millions of people in #China already on the move across the country and overseas for lunar new year. Now a second death from this new coronavirus which has also spread to #Japan as well as #Thailand. Those overseas had visited Wuhan. Still not that many cases reported.
One more person died from #WuhanPneumonia in #China The total number of death reported by Wuhan gov increases to 2 According to previous interview by Stand News, thegov is still covering up the severity of the pneumonia outbreak (A new strain of coronavirus) 
Pay attention to this viral outbreak it’s happening very quickly #coronavirus
Public health protects us from deadly things like the new coronavirus & SARS. Doug Ford’s Conservatives have taken a sledgehammer to Ontario’s public health system. Last year they cut $200 million from PH and are cutting $1 billion from Toronto PH.  …
Japan has confirmed its first case of the new coronavirus, a SARS-like germ that first appeared in Wuhan, China. More @business:  #新型肺炎 #コロナウイルス #武漢 
First China. Then Thailand. Now a new case in Japan. The number of patients infected with SARS-like coronavirus is ticking up.  … Here's a timeline of how investigators tried to trace the source, initially a seafood  …
Japan confirms a man in his 30s tested positive for the new coronavirus from China 
Japan's government says a man treated for pneumonia after returning from China has tested positive for the new coronavirus identified as a possible cause of an outbreak in the Chinese city of Wuhan, @mariyamaguchi 
Japan confirms first case of new China coronavirus strain  …
Japan reported its first case of a new coronavirus that has sickened 41 people in China, adding to concerns about the spread of the virus outside Chinese borders ahead of a major holiday 
Japan has confirmed the first case of infection from the new China coronavirus that has killed one person  
#Japan confirms 1st case of infection with new #coronavirus from #China #WuhanPneumonia #WuhanCluster  …
BREAKING: Japan reports first case of infection with new form of coronavirus
[BREAKING NEWS] Japan has confirmed its first case of pneumonia linked to the coronavirus that's caused an...  …
BREAKING: A patient with new #coronavirus confirmed in Japan. The man has traveled to #Wuhan, #China. #WuhanPneumonia
BREAKING: Japan reports 1st case of infection with new type of coronavirus, making it the 2nd case outside of China - Kyodo
The Wuhan-associated novel coronavirus genome has been released on Genbank with annotations. Originally submitted 5th January and has been updated yesterday.  …
An outbreak of a new viral disease in China has prompted concern about the risks and fears of an official cover-up. Here’s what you should know about the Sars-like coronavirus if you’re planning on traveling to China: 
Practice #foodsafety: Use different chopping boards & knives for raw meat and other foods. Wash your hands in between handling raw and cooked food. #coronavirus 
We have developed an validated a set of real-time RT-PCRs for Wuhan Coronavirus: Our protocol is public available on the @WHO website:  …
Initial protocol for detection of Wuhan coronavirus outside China. Further validation ongoing, stay tuned for updates  …
1. More on the #WuhanPneumonia cluster, thought to be caused by a new coronavirus, #nCoV2019. Gotta start by saying it's great to see Wuhan Municipal Health Commission releasing so much information on the outbreak. I hope they continue.
. @WHO working with officials in Thailand & China following confirmed case novel coronavirus. Latest updates, including tips on how to stay healthy.  
Mystery virus behind killer outbreak in China may spread, experts fear Scientists are baffled by the virus which has never been seen before. Tests have so far shown it is a type of coronavirus 
WHO says new China coronavirus could spread, warns hospitals worldwide 
Top 20 passenger destination cities and direct + total flight volume from Wuhan, China, where novel coronavirus was confirmed. Many thanks to Journal of Travel Medicine for rapid turnaround. Corr. author: 
"There has been “limited” human-to-human transmission of a new coronavirus that has struck in China, mainly small clusters in families, but there is potential for wider spread, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Tuesday." 
WHO confirms there is limited human-to-human transmission of novel coronavcirus (small family clusters) with potential for wider spread. Somewhat expected for a coronavirus & on the info released to date. If possible, superspreaders could be a concern.  …
Preliminary investigations conducted by the Chinese authorities have found no clear evidence of human-to-human transmission of the novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) identified in #Wuhan, 
A mysterious outbreak of pneumonia in central China has preliminarily been pegged to a new coronavirus.  …
A case of the mysterious new coronavirus strain was identified in Thailand, marking the first such known infection outside of China. 
A new strain of coronavirus has been discovered in China — and a case has now been identified in Thailand, from a Chinese tourist who traveled there last week. 
It's taken Chinese researchers just a few weeks to isolate and sequence the genome of a new coronavirus making dozens of people sick in Wuhan. Over the weekend, they made that DNA data public.  …
Thailand confirms traveler from China hospitalized with new form of coronavirus, according to U.N. officials 
As I'm sure you've heard, unless you've been living under a rock, there's a new coronavirus on the scene. Here's a new blog post summarising what we know so far (which isn't very much): "Hello Novel Coronavirus"  …
Reduce your risk of #coronavirus infection: 
BREAKING: Thailand confirms first case of a new strain of coronavirus that was first detected in Wuhan, China - WHO
WHO is working with officials in #Thailand and #China following reports of confirmation of the novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in a traveler from #Wuhan, China, who traveled to 
Currently, no case with infection of this novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) has been reported elsewhere other than #Wuhan, #China  
At this stage, there is no clear evidence of human-to-human transmission in the novel #coronavirus (2019-nC0V) outbreak in #Wuhan, #China. However, the Chinese authorities continue intensive surveillance and follow-up measures, including environmental 
The evidence is highly suggestive that the novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) outbreak is associated with exposures in a seafood market in #Wuhan, #China. The market was closed on 1 January 2020  
WHO is reassured of the quality of the ongoing investigations and the response measures implemented on the novel #coronavirus (2019-nCoV) in #Wuhan, #China and the  to share information regularly with WHO  
Timely sharing of #pathogen #sequences are critical for public health. The whole genome sequences of novel #coronavirus will enable the rapid development of diagnostics as well as track transmission and understand epidemiology. Congratulations to China on this   …
we’re TEN days into 2020 - trump is tryna initiate ww3 - a new deadly coronavirus disease is beginning in china and spreading - australia is fucking BURNING - pickering nuclear plant is gonna kill southern ontario and nyc
On the latest episode of This Week in Virology #TWiV we cover the new coronavirus causing respiratory disease in China, the current influenza season, and the epidemic of African swine fever  #virus #coronavirus 
China will share with the World Health Organization information on the genome sequence of a new-type coronavirus detected in the viral pneumonia cases reported in central China's Wuhan city to safeguard global health security, the National Health Commission said on Saturday. 
Let’s keep an eye on this deadly #coronavirus Apparently there have been no infections found among close contacts of infected patients.  …
#China reports first death from outbreak of mystery virus #Coronavirus #InfectiousDisease #TravelMedicine #PublicHealth #OneHealth  … via @nbcnews
It’s amazing to see the preparedness response to the #Wuhan coronavirus in Toronto with our partners in public health. Knowing that we are ready to fight is the best feeling, grateful to live in a city that prioritizes the safety and health of populations
China releases genetic data on new coronavirus, now deadly - CIDRAP 
Aren’t we all at risk ?  … #PublicHealth #outbreak #coronavirus
New Strain of #Coronavirus Behind Lung Infections in #China  @Healthline
“41 people have been diagnosed with the #pathogen, which preliminary lab tests cited by Chinese state media earlier this week pointed to a new type of #coronavirus”:  @Reuters #HealthNews #China #pneumonia
wake up again at 8ish on sunday...okay, less hectic so far. it’s just too crazy for that tsunami of news yesterday #2019-nCoV #coronavirus  …
China reports first death from new type of coronavirus  … via @smh
Lethal SARS-linked coronavirus claims first life as China’s pneumonia outbreak infects dozens — RT World News  …
DOH – Bicol: No Confirmed Report on Coronavirus in Bicolandia yet, But Public are Advised to Wear Mask to Prevent from Getting Sick of Pneumonia  
And no one in the coronavirus field uses the new taxonomy anyway
Here's How China Is Fighting Its New Coronavirus Outbreak : Goats and Soda : NPR  …
Wuhan Coronavirus Outbreak Shows The Importance Of Sound Science, Sleuthing, And Cooperation via  …
A wake up call... #2019 coronavirus  …
#coronavirus #pneumonia coronavirus Pneumonia outbreaks are caused by pneumonia resistant to the immune system by making themselves appear as immune cells. They use the immune systems lymphocellular wall membrane to coat themselves.
What Is Equine Coronavirus?  … - #chelseaal #columbianaal #harpersvillealabana #equinecare
