See here specialist nurses from Cuba arrive in St Kitts and Nevis to assist in efforts to eradicate #coronavirus #Covid_19 let’s show our appreciation and unite to end the US government blockade of Cuba -solidarity   …
The Duke & Duchess of Cambridge, alongside PHE & the NHS, offer guidance to people struggling with their mental health during the #coronavirus outbreak - to help them cope. "By pulling together & taking simple steps each day, we can all be better prepared for the times ahead" 
A message from a man with #Coronavirus Our gov's are failing us Lockdown should've been 100% (like in #Wuhan) for 4 weeks during which massive amounts of ICU beds, ventilators & PPE should've been built &then normal life for ppl below 65 could have resumed (small econ. 
CNN: More than 2,000 people have died from the coronavirus in the US as of 7:45 p.m. EST Saturday, according to a CNN  through data on state health department websites. There are 2,010 deaths reported as of now. The 1,000 death mark was reached Thursday.
- Total cost of coronavirus relief bill:$2 trillion - $1,200 per American - multiply 1200 by 330 million Americans gives us $396 billion - 2 trillion minus 396 billion equals 1.64 trillion - That's $1.64 trillion  out of taxpayer pockets, or $5000 per American.
VIDEO: A special light show at the Eiffel Tower pays tribute to France's healthcare workers, who are on the front line of the coronavirus fight 
it's good giuliani got suspended for pushing fake coronavirus news but it does sort of highlight the fact that trump has not been
See what #Trump's doing? He thinks if he's a 'war time president' he'll be re-elected. But most Americans will never forget his colossal  his psycho behavior, his partisan BS & how he let yet ANOTHER enemy attack us w/o him defending us... #Trump #Covid19 #Coronavirus  …
"News cycles about the administration’s trollish  for airtime with reporting around the administration’s slow and costly response to the coronavirus."  … Yep. This is why the rallybriefings exist, and also why the press should stop showing up.
Police and the Defence Force have greeted international passengers this morning, escorting them to hotels for 14 days of mandatory quarantine. #Coronavirus 
USA coronavirus: Covid-19 may hit rural America later — and harder - Vox  …
Despite constant barrage of negative criticism of @realDonaldTrump’s handling of the pandemic by MSM, sees criticism is unjustified, that our President is a man of action, doing all he can  #Coronavirus ...meanwhile all @SpeakerPelosi did was pork up the  …
More than 700 New Jersey police officers test positive for the coronavirus  … via @NBCNews
CNN: 2,000 people in the United States have died from coronavirus.
Thread.... Go through and let's talk #Coronavirus..... Put in mind, its a sitting MP. Fellow Kenyans, here we go.....  … #CoronaUpdate #Covid_19 #coronaviruske
Perspective. On March 5, there were 11 coronavirus deaths in the U.S. On March 12, there were 38. On March 19, there were 149. On March 26, there were 938. Right now - three days later - there are more than 2,000 deaths in the U.S.
The same RICH people who brought us coronavirus are  about our people who just got paid they better Suck my dick #StayAtHomeSa #lockDownSouthAfrica  …
Biden says people who have lost loved ones to coronavirus should "seek help, talk to people" Former Vice President got visibly emotional Friday night when discussing how hard it is to not be there for loved ones dying from coronavirus.
Coronavirus update, Europe: - Spain: 7,516 new cases - Italy: 5,974 new cases - Germany: 5,646 new cases - France: 4,611 new cases - UK: 2,546 new cases - Belgium: 1,850 new cases - Turkey: 1,704 new cases - Netherlands: 1,159 new cases - Switzerland: 1,148 new cases
#BREAKING: the number of #coronavirus deaths in the U.S. has doubled in two days, now surpassing 2000, according to a CNN  through data on state health department websites.
I can't even rewatch Game Of Thrones cos I know the dissapointment that's waiting for me at the end. Coronavirus plis.
NEW resources are updated regularly! Do you need food, housing, financial, legal, mental health resources, internet, diapers, or other assistance? There are a growing number of #COVID19 #Coronavirus resources available for you! Go to  
WE GONE REDO SPRING BREAK MIAMI 2K20 OVER WHEN CORONAVIRUS IS OVER RT & COMMENT IF YOU WANNA REDO SPRING BREAK 
China's CDC chief says #Wuhan market may not have been #coronavirus origin: "From the very beginning, everybody thought the origin was the market. Now, I think the market could be the initial place, or it could be a place where the virus was amplified." 
UN donates 250,000 face masks to New York City. The city reports nearly 30,000 #COVID19 cases & over 500 deaths  #nyc #coronavirus 
To everyone struggling with this new #lockdown world we live in, trying to avoid #coronavirus, it's very important that you know something: THIS WAS PREVENTABLE. #TRUMP IGNORED THE EXPERT ADVICE IN JANUARY AND WASTED THE TIME NEEDED TO GET TESTING READY. #VoteBlue2020 RT THIS!
State and local officials have been divided on how to handle gun businesses during coronavirus-related shutdowns. Most have allowed them to stay open with limitations on hours and number of customers. Some have closed them. Some have flip-flopped.  …
Think when coronavirus is over Australia's economy will snap back into place? Good luck with that | Greg Jericho  …
101-Year-Old Italian Man Has ‘Truly Extraordinary’ Recovery From The Coronavirus  
How  should China be fined for the inept handling of the coronavirus ?
Spain bought 640,000 FAULTY coronavirus testing kits from China that can’t even tell whether a patient is sick – The Sun  …
You thought it was a great idea when President Trump called off all travel from China to protect Americans... These states have areas eaten up with Coronavirus so how is this any different? They shouldn't be allowed to go into other states period right now.
"There’s never a dull moment when  to boy band A.C.E" Coronavirus in Korea: how K-pop stars from Twice to NCT are coping with social distancing  …
With their storage tanks full, some pipeline operators are asking  to stop production  #PermianBasin #EagleFord #OilWar #Coronavirus #Houston 
Is there a bounty? "Rhode Island Governor Tells New Yorkers They'll Hunt Them Down to Stop Wuhan Coronavirus Spread"
JUST IN: Confirmed coronavirus deaths in US hit 2,000, doubling in two days  
We are Winning!!! Giant Developments! Trump Is Taking Over The Deep State And Huge Coronavirus News!   …
Real banner n China, "We warmly congratulate the spread of Coronavirus on America & Japan; may the infections continue a very very long time." Compare this to @POTUS calling it the #ChineseVirus b/c that's where outbreak originated. Which is racist? outrages the Leftists 
Five-minute coronavirus test approved in US for use almost anywhere  …
Democrats fret as Joe Biden  'irrelevant' in coronavirus crisis  … the fact that @JoeBiden has dementia doesn’t make them fret?
"I am scared of getting sick," said Ruth Bailey, a Maryland nurse traveling to New York City to volunteer during the coronavirus pandemic. "But I need to help. It’s a battle. Soldiers go overseas for the greater good, and that’s what this is.”  …
I just found out I now know a person that is expected to die tonight from the coronavirus. He is 80 and has refused the ventilator. And he has infected at least two of his adult children and most likely another. They are dear friends of mine. We all went sky diving together.
Hey everyone! There are families in  (திருகோணமலை) who are suffering due to the Coronavirus lockdown. The money they make at work is what puts food on the table that day. So losing their jobs has taken a hit on them, especially since they live under the poverty line.
Florida #coronavirus updates: Florida surpasses 4,000 cases; state plans I-95 checkpoint for New Yorkers  
Of course the greedy motherfucker did! As the Coronavirus Hit, Jared Kushner’s Company Told Renters to Take Action to Pay “ASAP” – Mother Jones  …
FL Governor DeSantis ordering people  into his state from NY into quarantine while leaving beaches open is reminiscent of Trump claiming restricting travel from China had stopped coronavirus. Desperately want it to be an outside problem, but it’s been inside for a while.
VIDEO: Rats swarm city’s streets as coronavirus precautions leave them empty  … via @realdennislynch
As respirators have  essential to deal with  of the coronavirus, the Israeli Air Force, Microsoft Israel R&D, and others have found a solution to avoid future shortages.  …
New York City has seen 672 deaths from coronavirus, a grim, mounting toll that is up 155 from the last count.  
Online Medical Conference Coronavirus Crisis in Iran & Prospects Necessary Steps in Countering COVID-19  … via @FreedomFor_Iran
The cover of @TheEconomist this week. #coronavirus #economy 
Hamas shot a rocket at Jewish civilians in order to get them to have to huddle in bomb shelters and increase there risk of getting Coronavirus. Israel responded with a precision strike on the launch pad. Look at what he tweets. This is evil bigotry at it's worst. Disgusting  …
Air Force Academy Reels from Cadet Suicide and Increase of Wuhan Coronavirus Cases  …
We're fighting two creatures that are mercilessly trying to kill us all—coronavirus and rich people.
Jeremy Corbyn praises Cuba´s inspirational coronavirus efforts 
From #TheHunt to #BirdsOfPrey, here are all the movies that have been pushed to streaming due to #coronavirus. LIST:  
Thank you! @99freemind was the one who showed us how #Coronavirus was a #Plandemic from the start. Only sheeple are falling for it now #CoronaLockdown #CoronaUpdate  …
I read all of the models from Day 1. I was early to coronavirus, and actively fought against the Its Just the Flu Crew. Either coronavirus is not as contagious as earlier said, or it's not as deadly. Which is it?
'THAT'S THE SPIRIT OF CA': Gov. Gavin Newsom said #LosAngeles received 170 broken ventilators from the national stockpile. Now,  Bloom Energy is working to fix and send them back to LA by Monday to assist with the #coronavirus pandemic.  …
. @LadyGaga spent her birthday on a call to the Director-General of the World Health Organization amid the coronavirus pandemic. She recently postponed the release of her album #Chromatica to spend time “focusing on finding 
From Ventilators, N99 masks to bodysuits, DRDO steps us its fight against the Wuhan Coronavirus: Here are the details  …
#NYC’s 911 SYSTEM IS OVERWHELMED. ‘I’m Terrified,’ a Paramedic Says With coronavirus cases mounting, emergency workers are making life-or-death decisions about who goes to a hospital, and who is left behind. #MOG  …
The lowest-paid workers will experience worst effects of coronavirus  …
Cristiano Ronaldo donates five ventilators for intensive therapy in the Madeira region to fight against coronavirus. 
ICYMITURKEY as the HIGHEST number of #COVID19 cases of any country at this stage of the #coronavirus See graph 
28-day paid leave for workers or employees infected with #coronavirus; factory, shop workers to get daily wage for lockdown period: Noida administration
People will panic over the coronavirus, which is deadlier to people with weak immune systems/pre-existing conditions (including obesity) but they won't bother to live a healthier lifestyle by eating properly & exercising. People are in quarantine right now poisoning their bodies
The only reason Donald is threatening to quarantine the north east is because Florida idiot Ron de Satanist is paranoid that New Yorkers  into his petri dish still open coronavirus biowarfare state. let me spare the trouble. No New Yorker wants to go to that hellhole
Honestly can’t wait when this Coronavirus is over and things can go back to normal.
#Coronavirus quarantine diary day 29. I have learned that I can eat an entire pack of peanut butter oreos in one sitting and have started talking to my robot vacuum. He's lonely too, and is demanding $15 per hour and benefits. I think he's Canadian.
More than 700 police officers in New Jersey have tested positive for coronavirus, acting State Police Superintendent Col. Patrick Callahan said Saturday.  …
Italy have launched a call for 500 new nurses to employ in areas most affected by #coronavirus . 10.000 people applied.
Pro-Palestinian activists in Manchester today called for "Israel" to end the siege of Gaza. Coronavirus has arrived on one of the most crowded places on the planet. #EndtheSiege 
Joe Biden has one key coronavirus question he wants answered: ‘Where are the tests, Mr. President?’ -  …
NEW: Feds Add Gun Companies to ‘Essential’ Business List Amid Coronavirus Outbreak  …
Trump, Jan 22: “We have it totally under control” Trump, Feb 2: “We pretty much shut it  in from China. It’s going to be fine” Trump, Feb 24: “The Coronavirus is very much under control in the USA” Today: U.S. leads world in #of COVID19 cases & unprepared hospitals 
. @kmcgrory and I dug into Florida’s Coronavirus numbers. We found that infections in Florida are growing so quickly, we're on track to see tens of thousands of confirmed cases in  weeks:  …
#CoronaUpdate The coronavirus #COVID19 is affecting 199 countries and territories around the world and 2 international conveyances: the Diamond Princess cruise ship harbored in Yokohama, Japan, and the Holland America's MS Zaandam cruise ship. @cctip_io airdrop 200 REMI 
NEW: Ireland reports 294 new cases of coronavirus, 2,415 cases in total. 445 are healthcare workers.
Spain, Czech Republic, Ukraine And Now Turkey Return Faulty, Filthy Chinese Coronavirus Tests Kits That Only Caught 30% Of Cases - Xi JinLaden you r a fikking joke! 習狗你給全世界看笑話 #VirusChinois #VirusCinese #VirusChino  …
Dr. Deborah Birx, who serves as the White House Coronavirus Response Coordinator, unloaded on the mainstream media during a press conference on Thursday for their COVID-19 reporting that is not backed up by factual realities. 
101 Year Old Italian Man Born During The Spanish Flu Pandemic Just Beat Coronavirus And Might Be Superman  
Downing Street says China faces a 'reckoning' over the coronavirus and risks  a 'pariah state' as Boris Johnson faces pressure to scrap the Huawei deal The last thing what we can risk is using Huawei 5g and risk getting another VIRUS from China.  …
NEW: To battle the coronavirus, states desperate for N95s + other gear from the federal stockpile are facing a system beset by underfunding, changing lines of authority, confusion over allocation, + lack of transparency. Me w @goldsteinamy 
Weather in Tokyo now more effective than government policy at fighting coronavirus  …
"If everything goes according to plan, I am talking months, not years,"  of clinical trials, an infectious disease specialist leading 3 clinical trials into treatments for coronavirus says.  …
Epidemiologists are having trouble accurately predicting how the Coronavirus pandemic will play out because they didn’t account for the President and his supporters actively trying to sabotage their efforts. Stupidity is way more dangerous than the Coronavirus.
todd I hope you know if you land in that hospital with coronavirus those doctors and nurses will still try like hell to save your loathesome ass because that’s who they are but you sure as fuck don’t deserve them  …
Coronavirus victims and their families can and should feature in ads this summer and fall and all the conservatives who will pretend to think that's out of bounds can fuck every last inch of the way off.
DeSantis office playing games with which reporters can attend a briefing about Coronavirus >  …
On March 18m 2020 The United States Supports Uzbekistan’s Efforts to Halt Spread of Coronavirus | Press Release | Central Asia Regional | U.S. Agency for International Development  …
Assam: Disinfectants were sprayed at different parts of Guwahati to sanitize these areas as a precautionary measure against #Coronavirus. (28.03.2020) 
Pres #Trump posted powerful video from his reelection campaign highlighting the adm's response 2 #coronavirus #pandemic&heaping praise on the American people,who r“rallying together 2 defeat unseen #enemy”  … #QAnon #QAnon2018 #QAnon2020 
wake up Dick....the #ChineseVirus or #KungFlu came from #Chyna that’s a fact dear boy and anyone who believes the Chinese Coronavirus figures is clearly suffering from a bout of the Diane Abbots- get help.  …
This is an important story relating to Trump's purposefully slowing testing, and its impact on the number of both cases and deaths. There will be many more of these stories: Larry Rasky posthumously tested positive for the coronavirus.  …
Coronavirus update: Illinois reports 1st death of infant with COVID-19 in US; Chicago considered among next hot spots  … via @abc7chicago
I'm just going to leave this here Trump knew about the #coronavirus in January and he waited 2 months to ordered the ventilators.
President Trump lacks the mental capacity to manage the coronavirus crisis. Mike Pence should use the 25th Amendment to remove him from power, writes 
Iran to use 20% of state budget to fight coronavirus  
The coronavirus can damage the heart, even in people with no history of heart disease, new research suggests - showing it doesn't only affect the lungs  …
Oh it GETS WORSE MARCH 17, 2020 The United States Supports Kazakhstan's Efforts to Contain the Coronavirus Outbreak | Press Release | Kazakhstan | U.S. Agency for International Development  …
"We will not risk our safety": Instacart workers announce emergency strike over coronavirus concerns  
Coronavirus update for Volusia County: Saturday night, 3/28 
Former Angels star Jim Edmonds in hospital for coronavirus testing 
Anthony Fauci: The coronavirus pandemic ‘is not, as it were, under control’  …
Extinction Rebellion interviews Chris on Coronavirus, climate and whats next:  …
The platform prohibits coronavirus-related misinformation “that could contribute to imminent physical harm," but it says posts encouraging voluntary infection don't meet that threshold.  …
National Guard, FEMA set up field hospital at Baltimore Convention Center for coronavirus response 
A's minor-league coach Webster Garrison battling coronavirus, on ventilator; team has had minor-league staff and players in self-quarantine for past two weeks:  …)
I'm still quite amazed at the speed of which a number of things people have been crying out for the government to do for years are suddenly being brought in because of the coronavirus pandemic.  …
#CoronaVirus death rate. : 10.8% : 8.2% : 6.5% : 6.2% : 6% : 3% : 1.9% : 1.8% Over 30 000 people dead worldwide. Please, stay home and practice social distancing. We must all do our duty to stop this pandemic!
They have broken our immigration laws and still demand! Roughly 180 illegal aliens detained in Penn are now hunger striking to demand their release due to the coronavirus pandemic. The hunger strike is taking place at the York County Detention Center.  …
The latest on coronavirus outbreak: • U.S. deaths double to 2,000 in two days. • N.Y. governor slams Trump's suggestion of quarantine on his state, N.J and Conn. • Brazilian President Bolsonaro dismisses the pandemic as a minor issue. 
Donald Trump’s criminally negligent #coronavirus response and preparation has earned the United States the worse trajectory in the entire world. Buckle up.  …
#ItalyStrong A 102-year-old woman has recovered from coronavirus in the northern Italian city of Genoa after spending more than 20 days in the hospital 
"It is with that great British spirit that we will beat coronavirus and we will beat it together" 
Coronavirus deaths in the U.S. doubled in two days — hitting nearly 2,000 fatalities after breaking 1,000 on Thursday  …
Here are my top five  for news sources that are an antidote to pro-China propaganda about the Coronavirus pandemic: 5. @jenniferatntd 4. @PhdParody 3. @ChinaInFocusNTD 2. @GordonGChang 1. @RebelNewsOnline What are yours?
Former Barcelona goalkeeper Rustu announced that he has tested positive for the Coronavirus. We wish him a speedy recovery! 
Brazil's official coronavirus numbers rise to 3904 and 114 deaths. In a recent interview Fiocruz pneumologist Margareth  estimates that real infection rates at 10X higher due to lack of testing.
Pope and closest aides do not have coronavirus: Vatican  
The first US death from the coronavirus was February 29. The 1000th death was Thursday. The 2000th death was today.
These People are Sick! #QAnon Confirms #CoronaVirus as a Chinese Bioweapon! #GreatAwakening  …
Got an interesting coronavirus  out in about an hour
"It is improbable that SARS-CoV-2 emerged through laboratory manipulation of a related SARS-CoV-like coronavirus." Just in case anyone is contemplating the conspiracy theory that the coronavirus is an artificially designed bio-weapon. Nature Medicine:  
Florida tells everyone 65 and older OR with medical conditions to stay home. Fool, the Coronavirus COVID-19 , doesn’t care about your age, sex, race, or gender!! Stop getting people killed!! WHAT IS IT THAT YOU CAN’T SEEM TO GRASP, DeSANTIS??
Downing Street says China faces a 'reckoning' over the coronavirus and risks  a 'pariah state' as Boris Johnson faces pressure to scrap the Huawei deal. Ahh Trump was right again  
Poppie has contracted the coronavirus
WA governor responding to  that some governors are not grateful enough for federal assistance in battling coronavirus: “I don’t recall, in the oath of office, saying, ‘I’ll do my job to protect the citizens of Washington state as long as I get enough love.”
Citizens around the globe applaud medical workers for their efforts  the coronavirus pandemic 
Coronavirus & Self Quarantine has me cleaning my brushes and blenders 
Please watch this interview. There is some incredibly valuable information here about coronavirus testing on the island. There are details about what has not been done properly or well and changes that are going to be made. 
NEW: Turkey reports 1,704 new cases of coronavirus and 16 new deaths. A total of 7,402 cases and 108 deaths.
NEW: Rutgers says nearly 200 medical students will graduate a month early and be eligible for residencies to join the war against #Coronavirus. “I have total confidence that our students are ready to help the cause,” NJMS Dean Robert Johnson said.
As pledged on my show with @SwordAndScale I have donated the $1250 to match the gross revenue of our stream to  specifically for help with Coronavirus relief! Thanks to everyone who contributed! Thanks again to Mike for an awesome show and a great idea! 
glad we could all enjoy a laugh about this but there are currently countless medical professionals who don’t have sufficient resources to fight against coronavirus. donate to @unicef & help strengthen their efforts to protect vulnerable children & families  …
A 102 year-old Italian woman defied expectations, and was deemed 'immortal' after surviving her coronavirus infection. "The virus surrendered in front of her." 
I listened to an analyst on Sky News today. He explained around 600,000 people die in the UK every year and 20,000 people are predicted to die with Coronavirus. He went on to explain 70% of that 20,000 were likely to die this year anyway due to age or 
And Pakistan’s Prime Minister @ImranKhanPTI want to resume flight operation to import more #CoronaVirus The number of #CoronaPandemic patients r increasing worldwide, #TabdeeliGovt still in state of denial.  is tragedy of the day,the entire nation is bearing the  …
Johnson - whose name isn’t BoJo - hasn’t conducted any face-to face negotiations with Michel Barnier. One wouldn’t wish #CoronaVirus on anyone, and certainly not on Carrie Symonds and her unborn child, but this toxic anti-EU propaganda must stop. 
The US has about 4.5% of the world's population but almost 20% of all Coronavirus cases. And @realDonaldTrump’s criminally negligent reponse and preparation is the reason why. #Covid_19 #TrumpVirus
Sean Hannity: Media Scared Trump Looks ‘Too Presidential’ in Coronavirus Briefings  … via @thedailybeast
Klopp on the coronavirus crisis: "The only way to get football back as soon as possible... the more disciplined we are now, the earlier we will get, piece by piece by piece, our life back. "That’s how it is. There is no other solution in the moment, nobody has another solution." 
How did Wuhan get coronavirus under control? Its tactics were far more draconian than those Western countries have deployed. 
The entire country could be tested for CoronaVirus by dinnertime if they would let Chick-Fil-A run the drive thru testing centers. Merica.
MSM “China reporter” Didi peddling conspiracy that Chinese students buying up medical supplies to send back to China back in January when #coronavirus just broke out in China is a premeditated plan to attack US!!! These are the people who brings you China news in Western Media 
How long does the coronavirus live on surfaces? What to know:  
Tatas pledge Rs 1,500 crore to help fight coronavirus 
The #MSM FEARS @realDonaldTrump's Poll Ratings Increasing MORE than #Coronavirus With @larryelder For more GREAT content PLEASE support our GREAT sponsors... @MyPillowUSA @relieffactor @balanceofnature  
“cHiNa’S cOrOnAvIrUs NuMbErS aRe LiKe ToTaLly AcCuRaTe” – the media  …
This  usually repairs, washes and sells sailcloth. But a drop in business due to the #coronavirus pandemic led them to a new venture: making face masks out of cotton 
The slope is what matters. The U.S. is failing badly on Coronavirus. If you have a reply in mind that has to do with "per capita," take an online data science course and save your reply until that course  
March 10: “Trump is going to try to spin this, but (he) can’t spin death. He’s ignoring an ongoing crisis...This is a crisis that is very likely going to spiral out of control and get very bad, very, very quickly.” #COVID19 #coronavirus 
How #healthcare workers need to suit up to protect themselves from #coronavirus while caring for their patients. 
Even after we’re told the Coronavirus is contained, it’s going to take a minute for people to feel safe going out like we used to. The economy isn’t gonna be right for many, many months.
Before we dive into how the tests work, it’s important to know a little bit about how the molecules are arranged in a virus. Coronavirus is made up of a spherical protein coat with all of those spikes attached to it. 
Four weeks ago tonight, after being repeatedly briefed about the severity of Coronavirus, Trump was on a 3 day golf vacation and threw a lavish party at his private club. Don't ever let Trump re-write history. He wasted weeks. And lots of people are dead because of it. 
I think we've reached the point when its time to stop illustrating stories about coronavirus with 3D-rendered pictures of the virus.
Occupational licensing laws relaxed; admin regs suspended; prisoners released; non-enforcement of drug laws—even allowing people to pump their own gas in Oregon Much as I hate to say anything nice about coronavirus, it sure seems to be a powerful government-bullshit detector.  …
At the end of this #Coronavirus nightmare, remember to buy British in the future, buy local, support small businesses, look after your own. 
The shitass media has somehow used Coronavirus to attack guns, evangelical leaders, churches and now homeschooling. Why? Because free thinking, principled Americans who shun indoctrination are the greatest threat to their agenda of globalism & tyranny.  …
The professors who call ‘Bullshit’ on Covid-19 misinformation — @jevinwest and @CT_Bergstrom are policing Twitter feeds, Medium posts, and other sources of bad data and misleading charts about coronavirus  …
BREAKING: NYC reporting 672 deaths so far from #coronavirus. Up from 517 this morning.  …
Italy coronavirus deaths rise by 889 in a day to 10,023  
Please tell me your #coronavirus story How is affecting you  week I'll give $50 to one person I feel lead to Don't worry, more help, more money on the way Retweet to reach those in need You don't have to be following
just downed a bottle of hand sanitizer so i cant get the coronavirus 
SCAMMED: Kennedy Center Receives $25 Million in Coronavirus Package, Still Tells Musicians It Will Stop Paying Them  …
NYPD detective  first officer to die from coronavirus  …
As much as a real MFer as the Coronavirus has been, I can’t imagine the number of lives saved today in Jonesboro because people were at home instead of running their Saturday errands or heading out for dinner.
The problem with the Oregon Health Authority having an advertising agency create a campaign ad on the coronavirus is that it sensationalizes disease & makes it sound like a game: “It’s up to you how many live or die. Don’t accidentally kill someone.” 
3 more of America’s most popular national parks have closed their gates as pressure mounts on superintendents to prevent crowded trails that could lead to more spread of the coronavirus 
Condolences to the friends, family and fans of Lou Kouvaris of the legendary NYC band Riot. Lou passed away after battling #Coronavirus in NY. He played on the bands classic Rock City album and was currently in a version of the band called Riot Act. RIP Lou.
Louisiana tops 3,000 mark in coronavirus cases -  - @washtimes “New Orleans mayor tries to lay blame on Trump, says president should have called for Mardi Gras cancellation.” Unbelievable - she really wants the president to micromanage her city? Pathetic.
I’m just a 55 year old country boy. Probably dumber than most. It’s true - I don’t have all the “learning” that elitist college snobs have. But as a turd, I’m an expert on smells. And something smells like shit in this whole coronavirus fiasco. Now what? (Farting sound)
How @stevesmith49 is handling the #Coronavirus shutdown. #9SportsSunday | @Channel9 #CoronavirusAUS 
MUST READ: “The missing six weeks: how Trump failed the biggest test of his life – The president was aware of the danger from the coronavirus – but a lack of leadership has created an emergency of epic proportions” ➔  
Trump’s Aides Have To Keep Reminding Him To Stop Acting Like A Jerk During Coronavirus Crisis  …
BREAKING: Coronavirus Outbreak. Be extremely careful and tell everyone you know to be extremely careful. Please. US continues 3 day doubling rate. 18,691 new cases yesterday. Also deaths, now total 2,202. One week ago 301. Testing increasing but not faster than cases. 
Michigan elected a doozy. VIDEO: Freshman Democratic rep launches into screaming, unhinged rant during debate over coronavirus relief bill  …
Boy arrested after allegedly coughing and spitting at woman and shouting ‘coronavirus’  …
I’m closely monitoring the tornadoes in Northeast Arkansas, and my staff and I stand ready to assist the people of Craighead County as they face both the coronavirus and these deadly storms.
See’s Candies Halts Production Just Before Easter Thanks to Coronavirus, First Time Since WWII  … via @gatewaypundit
The Base! “A week later, Dr. Fauci — the administration’s most outspoken advocate of emergency measures to fight the coronavirus outbreak — has  the target of an online conspiracy theory that he is mobilizing to undermine the president.”  …
Stay strong @trish_regan @StayStrongTrishRegan We stand with you! How dare @FoxNews part ways with you for speaking the truth #BoycottFoxNews Trish Regan, Fox Business parts ways shortly after her coronavirus 'impeachment   … via @usatoday
3D  are racing to fill critical needs during the coronavirus pandemic, but how big a role they play will depend on how quickly the outbreak escalates and how long it takes other manufacturers to scale up. 
 back to life after two-month lockdown Wuhan reopened six subway lines Saturday after a 65-day hiatus due to the #coronavirus outbreak. All of its 17 railway stations have also  their first batch of passengers. 
Coronavirus is the one special disease you get treated for free. Middle of the disease bingo card. Any other medical issue you’re fucked though.  …
Florida governor DeSantis blocks Miami Herald, Tampa Bay Times from coronavirus press conference  …
Irony-impaired Senator accused of stock trading after coronavirus briefing says Democrats are putting their agenda ahead of national health  …
NBC’s Shomari Stone in D.C. said he and his wife, Dr. Kristal Southern, have 5 family members in Detroit who contracted coronavirus. Stone asked his audience for prayers, telling The @detroitnews the situation has been overwhelming to watch from 
Well it’s settled — 7pm every night is when I will have a good cry. I NYC and this city will forever be indebted to our doctors, nurses and all medical professionals on the frontlines of fighting the coronavirus 
COVID-19, caused by the new pandemic #coronavirus, is strangely—and tragically—selective. Although most of the critically ill are elderly, some killed by the disease are previously healthy and even relatively young.  …
I thank the medical personnel who are risking their life to save others and contain the #coronavirus. God bless them, god bless the patients, god bless all of us.
This is what a governor should do in a pandemic next to the state wity the most cases. Close off your border. RI Gov. has called in National Guard. No NYers Rhode Island Governor Tells New Yorkers They'll Hunt Them Down to Stop Wuhan Coronavirus Spread  …
He only shared what he saw and what he heard. Now he is probably under 'Residential Surveillance'. Chen Qiushi has been out of contact for 50 days after covering coronavirus in Wuhan. Please save him!!! @realDonaldTrump @Mike_Pence @SecPompeo @marcorubio #FindQiushi  …
CDC: dogs can’t get coronavirus. Me:....  …
Senator says White House turned down emergency coronavirus funding in early February:  …
A photo that will  iconic in the next generation: A policeman pleads with an elderly man to  to the masjid because of the coronavirus scare. Confusion on his face, sadness on both. May we live to appreciate the masjid and pray in  environment... 
This is sad...but not unexpected. Govt leaders asking people to use “personal responsibility” to prevent the spread of Coronavirus is like asking a kid to keep his hand out of the open candy jar that’s full of free treats.  …
Just cleaned out the jumbo trashcan we used for the Thanksgiving drinking party, and I think I'm immune to coronavirus now.
BREAKING NEWS Senator confirms that the White House turned down emergency coronavirus funding in early February. Trump was more interested in his re-election @realDonaldTrump #TrumpGenocide  …
You have left three regions with the largest number of people in Nigeria and, potentially, the largest number of coronavirus carriers vulnerable, without a single testing Centre. Is that your idea of universal coverage and efficiency?  …
Italy and France are now prescribing hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine as treatments for coronavirus patients | Tech News | Startups News  …
Florida governor blocks Miami Herald, Tampa Bay Times from coronavirus press conference  
Trudeau is spreading the Coronavirus Canada wide faster than the provinces can control it. We know what testing is needed, and precautions to take, but Trudeau isn't using the knowledge we received from other countries. He remains the stubborn, arrogant self while Canadians die.  …
Watch a doctor demonstrate how to safely bring groceries home during the coronavirus crisis #FlattenTheCurve  …
The N95 respirator masks that health care workers need to protect themselves while treating coronavirus patients are in dangerously short supply. But now, Duke University researchers have developed a method to clean them so they can be safely re-worn. 
The Southern Poverty Law Center has asked a federal judge to issue an emergency preliminary injunction requiring ICE to provide protections against the coronavirus outbreak for immigrants being held in their custody.  …
Florida governor blocks Miami Herald reporter from coronavirus press conference. She had asked for social distancing at such events.  …
The missing 6 weeks: how Trump failed his life’s BIGGEST test | The Guardian #TrumpPandemicFailure January 20,2020 — two months from that fateful day, responses to #coronavirus by the US and South Korea were polar opposites… READ full details and results  …
. @WHO warns Nigeria. Take #coronavirus seriously and attack it now that you still have smaller number of cases or it will spread and take root in  
My jaw was on the floor when I heard this.. but understand govt science advisers have warned PM that true China coronavirus stats are “15 to 40 times” higher than officially declared, based on worldwide modelling of virus behaviour... 
Very sad news, former Broncos WR Orlando McDaniel passed away at age 59,  from Coronavirus... #fb
. @JoeBiden is right. The state-by-state piecemeal and patchwork efforts to contain the coronavirus are not working. We need a nationwide shutdown before it gets worse. Donald Trump’s failure to act swiftly enough has left us with no other option.  …
#COVID19 cases in #Missouri skyrocketed >600% in just 1 week—the largest % increase in the U.S. Neighboring #Illinois is under #lockdown; the number of confirmed #coronavirus cases grew by 237% in the same period. LOCKDOWNS WORK h/t  …
Learn about exponential math and how COVID-19 spreads (this is a must watch): Intensive care specialist Professor Hugh Montgomery explains why this coronavirus is different from the ordinary flu. 
A U.S. doctor has been fired for being a "whistleblower" about his hospital's poor handling of protective measures to contain the Coronavirus.  …
"But Governor we traced the infections...the coronavirus  FROM INSIDE THE STATE!!"  
California lawmakers plead with cooped-up residents to spend a second weekend at home to slow the spread of coronavirus infection as the state's death toll from the virus surpasses 100. 
JUST IN: Coronavirus death toll in New York City reaches 883
PHOTOS: Aerial Images of an Empty Disneyland and Disney California Adventure Surface Weeks After Coronavirus (COVID-19) Pandemic Closure  
"WHO thinks alcohol is an 'unhelpful coping strategy' for coronavirus cabin fever" 
Cuomo is failing New Yorkers. He's not the ray of sunshine eveyone thought him to be. He's been caught hoarding ventilators in a warehouse when hospitals needed them and now look at this craziness. Remember NY is the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak.  …
Solicitor on the ground - London police station yesterday: Duty Inspector refuses to record my representations regarding Coronavirus, stating that “HE’S HAD ENOUGH OF DEFENCE SOLICITORS USING CORONAVIRUS AS MEANS OF COMPLAINT" @metpoliceuk @TheLawSociety This has to stop.
How Coronavirus Made Andrew Cuomo America’s Governor | Health News | US News  …
Productive call with the White House Coronavirus Task Force today. We are working every day to meet the needs of the American people as  the threat of this virus.
Trump sent broken ventilators to CA. The governor is having them fixed. This is how little Donald Trump cares about you #maga #TrumpGenocide #COVID19 #coronavirus  …
"Downing Street says China faces a 'reckoning' over the coronavirus and risks  a 'pariah state' as Boris Johnson faces pressure to scrap the Huawei deal" - fingers crossed  via @MailOnline
Due to a lack of #COVID19 testing, this deadly #coronavirus has been spreading UNDETECTED in the U.S. for months. With outbreaks in MULTIPLE cities, the *only* way to contain this deadly virus is a NATIONWIDE #LockdownNow. INACTION = more people DIE.  …
Trump thinks we forgot that Mar-a-lago was itself a coronavirus hot zone. He helped bring it to Florida himself. Very infected. Link:   …
So far Coronavirus has: -Exposed the weakness in America's dependence on China -Globally reduced carbon emissions -Destroyed the illusion of the superiority of post-national authority -Showcased the amount of Chinese evil influence in the world -Brought down the EU. #corona2020  
The lowest-paid workers will experience worst effects of coronavirus  …
Disinfecting then streets of Bali for Coronavirus. Looks like the driver is driving fast to make sure not to inhale the disinfectant 
The fools under this kill me. She’s a nurse and she does her job. However, it has been clearly stated that coronavirus is dangerous to the  She’s a 3x cancer survivor and a mother. She has a right to quit.  …
NEW NUMBERS: Here are the latest positive #coronavirus cases in #Nassau and #Suffolk County. Stay home. Stop the spread. Save lives. MORE #COVID19 INFO:  
Did you see it was reported today that the first infant allegedly died with/from coronavirus. Did you see which county? Cook County. What do we know about Cook County?
As of today, 3 states had gotten back to us with preliminary interest. After the Coronavirus-3 package just signed, states now have the money to put these plans together if they have the bandwidth. Many are prepared to help. 12/
Coronavirus saved so many lives in Jonesboro today
A ICU nurse Araceli Burundi Llagan dedicated nearly 33 years of her life treating some of the most critically ill patients, passed away Friday of the Coronavirus in Miami. Caregivers throughout the world are bravely serving on the frontlines & these are the true heroes. 
I mean, Boris was literally shaking hands with coronavirus patients in a hospital but why waste a good EU bashing, right?
I am tearing up - actually I’m doing more than that- by hearing the cheers and whistle’s and applause in my neighborhood of new York city. At 7 pm Spontaneously. We are all in this together. #coronavirus
*Washes hands for 19 seconds* Coronavirus: 
China sends Medical aid to Pakistan  the #Covid_19 virus. China's aid to Pakistan so far includes 12,000 test kits, 300,000 masks, 10,000 protective suits and $4 million dollars to build an isolation hospital. #China #Pakistan #coronavirus 
Pico Rivera has officially reached 5 confirmed cases of the coronavirus & y’all are still out like it’s nothing ????? STAY TF HOMEE LIKE SERIOUSLY
Le me (after reading this news): #coronavirus  
Rapper Future, who's behind the 2017 hit "Mask Off," has launched a campaign called "Mask On" to donate masks to healthcare facilities facing shortages during the coronavirus pandemic. 
im so sick of t1ds claiming if you’re controlled and get coronavirus you’ll be fine. another girl with a 6.4 A1c got it and is having uncontrollable BGs, lung pain, and trouble breathing. I guess y’all can believe what you want, but speaking for myself... stay tf away from MEEE
Hidalgo County confirms 9 new positive coronavirus cases  
Surgeries and treatments for cancer patients are being cancelled or postponed in Ontario due to the coronavirus outbreak. John Smith, son of the late @Harryslaststand, couldn’t help but chuckle in disbelief at the unimaginable situation he finds himself 
Trump thinks we forgot that Mar-a-lago was itself a coronavirus hot zone in Florida. He helped bring it in himself. Very infected.  …
NEW: Fresno County jumps to 43 coronavirus cases. That’s 12 new cases confirmed today. 
Cat in Belgium first known to test positive for coronavirus: report-No information was given on the conditions of either the cat or its owner, the Brussels Times said. #TheMoreYouKnow  
#Iran: Rebellion and fires in Hamedan Prison, prisoners escape On Saturday, prisoners of Alvand Prison in Hamedan protested against the regime’s refusal to release them in the wake of the spread of the #Coronavirus, and some managed to escape  …
There are now nearly 2,500 confirmed coronavirus cases in Georgia as the number of deaths caused by the disease rose to 79 — and increase of 10 from earlier today. 
I FUCKED SOMEONE WITH CORONAVIRUS *NOT CLICKBAIT* 
155 people died of coronavirus in NYC within just *SIX* hours today. The COVID-19 pandemic could peak in New York state in a few weeks.  …
#NYC sets the fastest pace of #COVID19 deaths that are *MORE THAN DOUBLING* every 2 days, followed by #Spain (Catalonia, Madrid) and #Paris (Ile-de- #France). Deaths in #Louisiana and NJ are *doubling every 2 days*, as #coronavirus deaths in #FL accelerate. 
Trump's Aides Have To Keep Reminding Him To Stop Acting Like A Jerk During Coronavirus Crisis  …
Florida is going to police its borders now. So, what happens from a 4th Amendment perspective when the state installs a coronavirus checkpoint? One might think about this in 2 ways. 1) every stop of a NY or LA plate is a stop supported by reasonable suspicion of a crime 1/
The freeways in Los Angeles, usually jammed with some of the worst traffic in the U.S., are free and clear during the coronavirus lockdown 
New photos from Wuhan reignite doubts  China is being honest about coronavirus 
#Sweden has  the most important country in the world in this #Coronavirus crisis. Their dedication to data is unusual. I am intrigued at their sanguine stance. So admirable - I am proud to be from there (23andMe) But we shall see if they are right.  …
It's important not to panic, but please take it seriously. Do your part. Work from home; If you can't, make sure to practice social distancing. Coz at this rate, by the end of this pandemic, you will know at least 3 people who died from  …
You know, the truth of that just hit me! The Coronavirus  along and smashed Capitalism, left the way wide open for a dictatorship - and not allowing the Opposition on the so called National Cabinet says heaps  …
NYC coronavirus cases 4 pm today, March 28: 672 deaths, up by 155 people since 10 am today 30,765 confirmed cases, up 5.5% from 29,158 this morning at least 5,752 in Bronx (19%) 8,129 in Brooklyn (26%) 5,237 in Manhattan (17%) 9,831 in Queens (32%) 1,781 on Staten Island (6%)
Shipments of urns in Wuhan is raising questions about China's coronavirus reporting  
A baby who tested positive for coronavirus has died in Chicago.  
The one person who doesn't understand how dangerous coronavirus is happens to be the most powerful man in the world. 
Confirmed U.S. coronavirus-related deaths double in two days, hitting 2,000 ... If doubling continues every two days, we’ll have over one million deaths by mid-April. Prepare yourselves. Life is going to change even faster than it already has. I’m sorry.  …
Billy Graham's daughter, Anne Graham Lotz, wrote: “…could it be that God is using the coronavirus to get our attention so that we will listen to His message?” I'm not one to tell God how to do his job, but if he wants my attention all he has to do is appear. No fuss, no muss. 
Doctors battling coronavirus are in need of N95 respirator masks and other protective equipment. Here’s how you can help them. 
(THREAD) The Krassenstein Brothers' Plan to Squash Coronavirus (No they have no medical experience, but neither does the President).  sense: 1) Call for a 4-week Lockdown by all 50 States 2) Test EVERYONE who is sick ... #StayAtHomeAndStaySafe
Russia is always looking for new ways to weaken the West. They’re likely viewing the region’s response to the coronavirus as a case study for future strategies, @elisabethbraw 
State Department to waive interviews for foreign farmworker visas in response to coronavirus  via @FoxNews @AdamShawNY
How Iceland could hold the key to understanding coronavirus. 
Florida has surpassed 4,000 coronavirus cases, per the state’s latest count 
Donald Trump is too busy making propaganda videos. #coronavirus
BREAKING: Infant dies of coronavirus  … via @realdennislynch
. @playtwo . @SenSchumer . @SpeakerPelosi Any other developed country would have removed their leader for misleading the public resulting in death of its citizens. The U.S. recorded its first 1,000 coronavirus deaths in a month. The next 1,000 took two days. 
People I remember who talked about coronavirus early and influenced my thinking (I've definitely missed some!): @nntaleb @normonics @yaneerbaryam @DellAnnaLuca @paulportesi @Barton_options @ErikSTownsend @biancoresearch @balajis Who else?
Dealing with the #Coronavirus pandemic requires real leadership. The US and the UK don't have real leaders. Au contraire! #DonaldTrump and #BorisJohnson's actions and inactions to date have just made things worse!
Special Edition of Dada Awu (Coronavirus edition) ...Enjoy 
Another 577 coronavirus cases have been confirmed in Washington, but no new deaths were announced Saturday. The total number of cases rose to 4,300, including 175 deaths, according to the state Department of Health. 
Day 2. Skills for the pandemic. Focaccia. Pretty happy with that!! #coronavirus 
Dr. Deborah Birx, Response Coordinator for the White House Coronavirus Task Force, retired U.S. Army Colonel, appointed US Global AIDS Coordinator by President Obama, former decade-plus Director of CDC's Division of Global HIV/AIDS. Reduced by some to nothing but a Trump flunky.  …
Trump Approval Ratings Plummet 13 Points On Coronavirus. This is a substantial decline from an apparent peak in the president's approval at the start of the week & it is converging with his overall approval rating - 46% approve/52% disapprove  …
BREAKING: #Detroit auto show canceled amid #coronavirus outbreak; ⁦ @tcfcenter⁩ to  field hospital in downtown  …
One of Northern Ireland's most well-known solicitors is in a critical condition in hospital with coronavirus, his law firm has said. Niall Murphy has been involved in many high-profile criminal trials and civil court cases, often representing victims of the Troubles.
"Offline: COVID-19 and the NHS—'a national scandal'" Leading medical journal the Lancet rips Boris Johnson's approach to the coronavirus to shreds. Little bitty bitty pieces.  …
PROTECTNG OUR FUTURE AFTER CORONAVIRUS - by JOE BIDEN March 25, 2019  … #JoeBiden #Biden2020 #JoeBiden2020 #Election2020 #Democrats #progressives #liberals #NPP #Republicans #uniteblue #VoteBlue #VoteBlueToSaveAmerica
As an ED nurse just reminded me, ‘herd immunity’ is the prime argument of anti-vaxxers. We’re going with that?? #auspol #Insiders #coronavirus  …
A 17 year old who died last week most likely from the coronavirus, was turned away from an urgent care center because he lacked health insurance. WTF is wrong with this country?? I’m so sick of the almighty dollar being more important than human welfare.  …
Wisconsin’s confirmed cases of coronavirus reached 1,041 today. There have been 17 deaths. More than 15,000 people have tested negative for the virus.
The Govt has used #coronavirus to act like a dictatorship. No Parliament, no Labor on the  no debate! #insiders
It's In The Post Bojo, leader of the free world, is warning he might have to tighten the nation’s lock-down even more, after the UK suffered the biggest daily increase in death toll. He intends sending us all a letter - which I won't touch in case it's covered in coronavirus.
"There is no conspiracy." Video posted by São Paulo state governor João Doria seeks  perception among numerous Bolsonaro followers that coronavirus is a hoax or a conspiracy to weaken the president.  …
Sweeping new powers  the spread of Coronavirus  into force in Northern Ireland at 11pm. The  the closure of certain premises and prohibit anyone from leaving home without a reasonable excuse. Gatherings of more than two people will also be banned.
Small business owners please apply for emergency grants & resources during #COVID19  We & @HelloAlice love you and want to help. #CoronaVirus 
Trump delayed ordering production of equipment knowing it wld harm blue states, which were hit 1st by the coronavirus. (Many of them are ports.) Now he will blame, punish & isolate blue states for spreading the contagion whose flames he deliberately fanned. #TrumpGenocide
Why should Albanese be criticised for “going hard” on the government? This government has been clueless, inept, moving too slowly on #coronavirus allowed cruise ship into Sydney, crap management of airport arrivals. It’s time to keep this government to account. #insiders
Interesting to note that our PM doesn’t see Federal Parliament sitting as an essential service during #CoronaVirus crisis. #insiders
Mikel Arteta: Infected himself with Coronavirus so the league will most likely to get voided. Snitched on City so they don’t get CL. He’s single handedly dragged us to Champions League football.
A daily tracking poll on the coronavirus has found that approval of Trump’s handling of the epidemic has plunged a net 13 points in less than a week.  …
Coronavirus  and go with time...can we  together with 1 voice to ask our government to invest a lot in our healthcare system in 9ja...now we are seeing mordern hospital beds and equipments...what if coro  was at Ikorodu general hospital and and FMC 
UPDATE: Tom Hanks, Rita Wilson Recover From Coronavirus, Return To U.S.  
Coronavirus outbreak, Spain: March 28: 73,235 cases March 23: 35,136 cases March 18: 14,769 cases March 13: 5,232 cases March 8: 674 cases March 3: 169 cases
North Korea launches fourth missile test this month as world is focused on coronavirus.  …
“What’s wrong with that Governor,?”-Lt General Rusell Honoré..DeSantis should have never been Gov of Florida and wouldn’t, had he not cheated. He’s going to cause a lot deaths in Florida. Florida is large state and the Coronavirus COVID-19 moves exponentially. #MSNBC A fool.
Losing a loved one is incredibly difficult, but it’s even harder when you’re not able to be with them in their final moments — and that’s what’s happening around the country because of the coronavirus. It’s heartbreaking, and I’m keeping everyone affected in my prayers. 
“The Turkish govt has cast aside a sample of Chinese-made coronavirus rapid testing kits after finding out that they gave inaccurate results... Spain revealed it had withdrawn 9,000 Chinese-made kits... A Czech media outlet reported faulty testing kits”  …
This is a good thread that explains what it's like to have the Coronavirus. Please stay safe everyone.  …
'Coronavirus crisis shows killer Tory cuts must be a thing of the past'  …
Wheres our big 'Potato-In-Chief' Peter Dutton ??? The guy who can hunt down a 'refo' in a canoe in the Indian Ocean but cant stop a fleet of #CoronaCruiseShips unloading in Sydney Harbour Forever known as The Guy who let #Coronavirus run rampant in Oz #Insiders #Auspol
WHO in January: The coronavirus is not contagious WHO in March: "The time to act was actually ... two months ago" 
Detroit auto show canceled as TCF Center chosen for hospital in coronavirus fight  …
AG Barr tells Federal Prisons to send inmates home amid coronavirus outbreak. Boy is this guy  and total letdown. How is releasing Criminals onto a population stuck indoors, with limited police protection going to help anything..No Rules, No Law, a Total Obamanation!
Latest updates on #CoronavirusOutbreak Global coronavirus death toll reaches 30,000+ This is really scary and the govt of Pakistan must take all necessary steps to contain this, otherwise it could prove disastrous for us. 
#ThisIsHowWeFightOurBattle Praise and prayer service at Cartersville Medical Center! A circle of prayer for the patients and staff at Cartersville Medical Center in the midst of the coronavirus pandemic.  …
Dr @mcruzcorrea -member of the Puerto Rico Governors coronavirus task force -says med students will take over contact tracing b/c for weeks it hasn't been done right. This interview is so informative for ppl living in PR or those who care about the island 
Next up on our Coronavirus central tour...this photo was taken in Rhode Island earlier today. Anyone want to guess what these people were in line for before the cops came and told them to go home? 
Twitter blocked coronavirus ‘misinformation’ from Rudy Giuliani and another right-wing internet troll: report  …
Big news: The Detroit auto show has been canceled so the venue can  a hospital for coronavirus victims for at least six months.  …
BREAKING: US coronavirus death toll leaps to over 2,000 as number of fatalities DOUBLES in 2 days  
Confirmed U.S. coronavirus-related deaths double in two days, hitting 2,000. - @washingtonpost We haven't even hit the worst peak. This will be terrible.
Correct. The numbers of new #coronavirus cases and deaths are accelerating at an alarming rate. The Trump Administration delayed the roll out of #COVID19 testing, allowing the virus to spread undetected. Right now, the virus is winning, and tragically, many more will  …
I may well be missing something, but it does seem that there are lots  levers the govt still isn't pulling Look at the Tory website next to the SNP's. One has a redirect, the other's been converted into a coronavirus info site. Same story with emails to party members 
INSANE: The New York Times has published an op-ed that blames evangelical Christians for the coronavirus pandemic.  …
A widower left to pace up and down his garden in self isolation as his wife is laid to rest. Incredibly powerful, respectful piece about love and death in the time of the coronavirus.  …
Downing Street says China faces a 'reckoning' over the coronavirus @sandieshoes  … via @MailOnline
Abbott Laboratories is unveiling a coronavirus test that can tell if someone is infected in as little as five minutes and is so small and portable it can be used in almost any health care setting.  …
Almost half of coronavirus patients have digestive symptoms, study finds March 19, 2020 / 4:40 PM By Robert Preidt Diarrhea and other digestive symptoms are the  in nearly half of coronavirus patients, Chinese researchers report. Most patients with the coronavirus
. @sarahkendzior warned me that Trump might use the coronavirus pandemic to not only punish blue states, but also to isolate them. We need her on national TV. The only way to protect against Trump’s lethal maneuvers & propaganda is to call them out BEFOREHAND. #TrumpGenocide
We're calling on all nurses to help respond to #COVID19. To increase the available nurses I removed licensing barriers for advanced practice registered nurses. We thank all nurses & health care professionals on the front line of battling #coronavirus.  …
1/ Coronavirus is wreaking economic havoc and this government still intends to go through with Brexit on January 1st. A reminder that it will inflict a blow on the economy equivalent to a major recession. We are heading towards not just recession, but disaster. 
Confirmed U.S. coronavirus-related deaths double in two days, hitting 2,000  …
If you receive an email from the Department of Health telling you not to eat tinned pork due to the Coronavirus outbreak, ignore it. It's SPAM.
Wow. Saw Green Day and Muse when I was in school there Philly to use Temple's Liacouras Center as field hospital if coronavirus cases surge  …
When we are all done with this Coronavirus, we must sit down & have a conversation about the irresponsible behaviour & impunity from our political class. We just must. Otherwise we would lose the lesson we desperately need to learn I hope we see the end of it & not it see our end
A 102-year-old woman has recovered from coronavirus in the northern Italian city of Genoa after spending more than 20 days in the hospital, doctors who treated her and her nephew told CNN 
SMALL BUSINESS OWNERS Here is how you apply for #coronavirus SBA loans and get guidance on the law President Trump just signed There are hundreds of billions of dollars marked for people like us Pls RT so every small business owner helps save JOBS  …
'Hand sanitizer has  one of the most useful tools in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic. But did you know a Latina student nurse is behind its invention?' Remembering the Life-Saving Lupe Hernandez, Hand Sanitizer Inventor  … via @remezcla
We wanted to bring you this story the week of the ACC Tourney. Like so many sports, coronavirus changed that. But I caught up w/ Quincy Guerrier ( @quincyguerrier) His  from Quebec, the language barrier. And that free throw routine. Via 
A family friend died of the coronavirus this morning. He was in his 70s and had “underlying health issues” but was still playing 18 holes of golf, so he was a long way from death’s door. An absolutely lovely man. Heed the government’s advice and stay well away from other folk.
#BREAKING US coronavirus deaths surge past 2,000: Johns Hopkins 
JUST IN: US coronavirus death toll hits 2,000
Think the "CORONAVIRUS" could be a cover for military arrests & a means for the military to show the world the power of the "MAINSTREAM MEDIA" to control our minds? Please share your thoughts.
I’m seeing a pattern: Republican politicians blaming everyone else for their failed repaonse to coronavirus  …
. @sarahkendzior warned me that Trump might use the coronavirus pandemic to not only punish blue states, but also to isolate them. We need her on national TV. The only way to protect against Trump’s lethal maneuvers & propaganda is to call them out BEFOREHAND.  …
Money - government money - CAN limit the economic fall out from the coronavirus. Start shovelling it out now.
#BREAKING Tulare County reports first coronavirus-related death in county  …
Organizers of the Summer Olympics in Tokyo are considering July 23, 2021 for the opening ceremony of the 2020 Summer Games postponed because of the coronavirus pandemic. 
Federal Govt is seriously taking about introducing a wage subsidy. A subsidy should cover all workers. No one should be left out. This will mean people no longer have to line up at Centrelink. This is the only way we can save jobs and bounce back quickly #coronavirus 
Some very smart people several years ago toted that something like the coronavirus might happen. 
NEW: Spain reports 7,516 new cases of coronavirus today and 844 new deaths. A total of 73,235 cases and 5,982 deaths.
If you want to break the back of #Coronavirus, you have to lockdown everything except essential services for at least six weeks. People dying today were infected weeks ago. You can't stop this with a half hearted approach. It has to be full on!
This report is all good, only it got one fact wrong. @nytimes did have reported about me, & a documentary featuring me, years ago. Links:  …  … Damning videos out of China put #coronavirus numbers into question. 
My father was rush into hospital yesterday and he’s confirmed to have the corona virus, #COVID19. He’s fighting for his life as we speak. I humbly request of you all to keep him in your du’as (prayers). #coronavirusuk #coronavirus
ICYMI - Epidemiologist Behind Highly-Cited Coronavirus Model Admits He Was Wrong, Drastically Revises Model 
Neighbors in a South Bend subdivision surprised newlyweds today after the new coronavirus ruined their plans for a big wedding. My @SBTribune photo gallery here:  
If you’re 65 or older and live in California, Florida, or Texas, I’m offering free telemedicine visits with our team of Stanford trained doctors to evaluate you for any possible coronavirus symptoms. 
Okay, so the PM is sending a letter. A physical one, which will arrive next week. But the official UK government Facebook account... which can be used to send messages instantly... has still only run one ad about coronavirus I just don't get it. What am I missing?
More than 2,000 Americans have now died from #coronavirus. (We’d just crossed 1,000 deaths on Thursday.)  
BREAKING: Confirmed US #coronavirus deaths DOUBLE in just 2 days to 2,000. It took ~1 month from the 1st confirmed death for the US to reach 1,000. Expect a massive surge in new #COVID19 cases and deaths for at least another 3 weeks.  …
There could be 50,000 per day of these rapid coronavirus tests on the way next week:  
More deaths on Donald’s doorsteps, more his polls will drop, no matter how many checks he signs and sends to Americans. Soon everyone will know someone who has #coronavirus - death doesn’t lie. Donald does.
POLL TIME: How do you think Trump's coronavirus taskforce has been handling this pandemic so far? RT after you vote!
Wawa announces free coffee for health care workers, first responders during coronavirus pandemic  …
***NEWSFLASH*** The survival rate for Coronavirus is 98.2%. But this positive information doesn't make headline news!!!
NEW: A @MiamiHerald/ @TB_Times reporter was denied access to the Florida governor's coronavirus press conference today. A state spokeswoman said our reporter could view the press conference on a live stream — where we wouldn't be able to ask questions. 
Florida governor Ron DeSantis blocked the Miami Herald and Tampa Bay Times from a coronavirus press conference:  …. This is a perilous violation of the First Amendment, especially during a pandemic. cc: @knightcolumbia
BUSTED: Florida’s GOP governor illegally denied Miami Herald access to coronavirus briefing  …
How to Apply for Small Business Loans - please share! ⁦ @WarRoomPandemic⁩ #WarRoomPandemic “Coronavirus (COVID-19): Small Business Guidance & Loan Resources”  …
Brilliant interview with Rob Wallace on coronavirus + capitalist industrial agriculture: connecting epidemiology + radical political economy:  …
I need someone to explain to me why Donald Trump’s blatant coronavirus lies plus his failure to act plus his denial of medical aid to Americans who refuse to bow down and kiss his ass is not manslaughter on a mass scale. Explain it to me like I’m in kindergarten. #TrumpGenocide
RELEASE: The Maryland Department of Health tonight announced five deaths as a result of COVID-19. The total number of deaths in the state due to coronavirus is 10:  … For #COVID19 information and resources, 
Translation: Medicare will speed funding to hospitals and doctors, hard hit by coronavirus crisis. This is very good news for providers struggling to deal with rapidly changing situation.  …
Biden said people don’t want a revolution. Black and brown people will not survive this virus without  revolution of America’s policies. Institutional racism has left POC vulnerable. Coronavirus will feed off our uninsured rates, healthcare disparities, and poverty  …
700 N.J. police officers have tested positive for coronavirus, State Police leader says  …
Breaking: Confirmed U.S. coronavirus-related deaths double in two days, hitting 2,000. It took about a month from the first confirmed death for the U.S. to record 1,000. That toll has risen rapidly as officials have been warning the worst is yet   …
Women are hit harder by the economic impacts of the #coronavirus pandemic as more women work in low-paying, insecure and informal jobs. The #COVID19 response must include building women’s economic resilience. Find out more:  
Following on from the first @AerLingus flight to Beijing today to collect coronavirus medical supplies,  are expected to despatch 2 more A330 flights tomorrow. The first at 1120AM and the 2nd at 220PM 
Bad news: Confirmed U.S. coronavirus-related deaths double in two days, hitting 2,000. The death rate has risen as well, to about 1.65%. It was hovering in the 1.4% range most of this week.  …
We're fortunate indeed to have a PM who's willing to put in the work that Boris has over the past few weeks. And now - even though he's got Coronavirus himself - he's still leading from the front, doing everything to get us through this crisis. Thank you Boris.
Do You Think the Coronavirus Outbreak Was Caused by Climate Change?
Tom Hanks, who revealed on March 11 that he had coronavirus, is back in the U.S.  …
Coronavirus: Netherlands recalls defective masks imported from China  …
or a cure for the coronavirus  …
Re: Gabriel of Lille: W/ coronavirus going on, it’s a difficult time to figure out how true these reports are. I take it somewhat seriously, though. A) Chelsea conducted Ziyech deal in private, too B) Like Ziyech, CFC faced Gabriel in CL C) Left footed CB, a rumored interest 
The sea of blue mats is part of a temporary shelter for the #homeless, who will be spaced at least six feet apart, @Cashman Center. It will open tonight & be open through April 3rd, when Catholic Charities, now closed, will reopen. #coronavirus 
Hospitals in China are using robots to deliver food and medicine for patients who were infected with #coronavirus  #SaturdayMorning
Ecuador's western city of Guayaquil, one of the hardest hit by novel coronavirus, is planning to build a mass grave as the government predicts an increase of deaths due to the virus 
Coronavirus cases, March 28: - U.S. reached 120,000 - Italy reached 90,000 - Spain reached 70,000 More than 40% of worldwide cases.
No African country can afford to make any debt repayment in 2020 – whether owed to bilateral creditors, multilateral institutions or private lenders without putting millions of African lives at risk. #coronavirus  …
Germany plans mass study to track immunity to coronavirus  … via @TheLocalGermany
Someone talk me down from titling the book Elections in the Time of Coronavirus Y'all know I love pithy titles.
Future is donating masks to healthcare workers & coronavirus patients as part of his #MaskOn campaign.  
This is who leftists really are Unhinged Actor Michael Rapaport Attacks ‘F–Kin Barron’ Trump, Suggests He Be Exposed To Coronavirus  …
About to go on Sky News Outsiders, around 10am EDST. Not a bad show, whoever invented did a pretty good job. Please tune in for CoronaVirus/Wuhan Flu straight talk.
Conservative voters must be in a state of shock. All their fantasies about the Tories have been smashed apart by #coronavirus. Tory austerity left the country defenceless to the virus and their  has caused it to spread like wildfire.The Tories are worse than useless.
More Americans Should Probably Wear Masks for Protection Against Coronavirus  …
It’s crucial to stay healthy as the threat of coronavirus spreads. Here are the best strategies. 
The first US death from the Coronavirus was four weeks ago today on February 29. It took 27 days to go from 1 death to 1,000 deaths in the US. Now the US is over 2,000 deaths. That second 1,000 deaths took less than 3 days. The number of deaths today is already over 400.
Good stuff here from @jeffjacobs123 on our guy @danorlovsky7, who’s been out helping CT families during this coronavirus crisis (yet, still found time to take *his* family out for a walk at Sleeping Giant, where I randomly parked next to them on the 15th)  …
coronavirus feels less deadly after how the elite writers got away with murdering carmuel's happiness 
If China is really lying about its decrease of coronavirus cases, then why is it opening up stores and restaurants? If it were really a lie they wouldn't risk letting the infection spread out and hurt their economy even more. People who say that China is lying are just racists.
BREAKING: Coronavirus cases in L.A. County climbed to 1,804 from 1,465 yesterday with 6 more deaths reported  …
. @washingtonpost: “Confirmed U.S. coronavirus-related deaths double in two days, hitting 2,000. It took about a month from the first confirmed death for the United States to record 1,000. That toll has risen rapidly as officials have been warning the worst is yet 
Months on, there is a lot of “we  from Mathias this morning #insiders @InsidersABC #coronavirus
Zuckerberg, Gates team up to contribute $25 million for research into coronavirus treatments  
United States: A baby who tested positive to coronavirus has died. The child was one of 13 deaths reported overnight in Illinois and is the first known infant to die with the virus.  #Coronavirus 
This Bernie Sanders supporter thinks the coronavirus pandemic has shown that being moderate is useless MODERATE MEANS AMERICA WALLOWS IN CORRUPTION @BernieSanders HAS IT  …
Nigeria coronavirus cases hit 97 The number of confirmed coronavirus cases in Nigeria is approaching the 100 mark as Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, confirmed eight new cas... via 24liveblog  …
Live updates: Confirmed U.S. coronavirus-related deaths double in two days, hitting 2,000  …
Pelosi: Increased Election Funding So There’s ‘More Vote By Mail’ ‘Associated’ With ‘Coronavirus Necessity List’!!  …
1019 deaths in UK via coronavirus. Another hospital in East London that is expected to provide 500 beds. No country is prepared for Infectious center . Just like converting Obasanjo center to hospital now . That is what is happening in UK too. Support ur govt and helpers now
I accept @danorlovsky7 and happy to help @DraftKings and @UnitedWay with the coronavirus relief fund. Let’s go @RealJayWilliams @Realrclark25 @Foxworth24 make a video and challenge 3 more! Every post is another dollar to the relief fund. 
NY Times Idiot Columnist Gets Hammered After Lying About President Trump's Remarks to Governors on Coronavirus  … via @gatewaypundit
Confirmed U.S. coronavirus-related deaths double in two days, hitting 2,000  …
JUST IN: More than 2,000 people have died from the novel coronavirus in the U.S. as of Saturday, per data from the Center for Systems Science and Engineering at Johns Hopkins University.  …
Retired doctors in Italy are heading back into the fray to treat coronavirus patients 
Americans making sure no part of their nation remains untouched by the #Coronavirus.  …
We've seen the greatest mobilization of industry since World War II President @realDonaldTrump is leading a war on #coronavirus Dr. Rich McCormick @RichforGA says, "We ramped-up against the enemy in #WW2, we'll win against coronavirus 
"I've been to a hospital and shaken hands with coronavirus patients but it was the video chat with Barnier that infected me".
More and more reports from Sweden of #NoGoZone youth gangs walking around coughing on Swedes and screaming #Coronavirus. Another great video find from @SamnyttSimon (Sweden's best source on videos from #NoGoZones). No #SocialCohesion in Sweden. 
as trump mulls a quarantine for chinese coronavirus hotspots, americans are open to the idea according to morning consult polling, 74% support a national quarantine but it remains to be seen if that support would hold if one actually happened  
News: Coronavirus is a thing. Me: Ok. News: Gonna have to quarantine. Me: Ok. News: You and loved ones might die. Me: Ok. News: Ibuprofen is bad now. Me: WHAT THE EFF.
Prisons and jails can  hotspots for the coronavirus in the United States if proper precautions aren’t taken. I’m glad provisions to help the Bureau of Prisons prepare for potential outbreaks were included in the coronavirus response bill.  …
Dear @BorisJohnson I’d rather u spent the 30 million x 76p (first class stamp) or 30 million x 65p( 2nd class stamp) on help for the homeless, social care or #NHS!!!That’s £19.5 million-£22.8 million on the postage alone. @BBCNews @itvnews @Channel4News @AndrewMarr9 #coronavirus
Florida Coronavirus numbers: -4038 total cases (up from 3763 this morning) -1097 in Dade -801 Broward -304 Palm Beach - 19 Monroe - 56 deaths 
Georgia @GovKemp’s top aide vents about “doomsday” coronavirus models and warns it’s caused local officials to overreact. “Unfortunately, judgement is often clouded by power. As a result of their overreach, many small businesses will struggle and some will not reopen.” #gapol 
Tax payer money put to good use. SCAMMED: Kennedy Center Receives $25 Million in Coronavirus Package, Still Tells Musicians It Will Stop Paying Them  …
Even the Queen Elizabeth results came in positive to coronavirus, I beg who am I that I will not just stay at home. 
The number of confirmed coronavirus cases in Nigeria is approaching the 100 mark as Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, confirmed eight new cases on Saturday, taking the total to 97. Read more:  …
Fort Lauderdale Beach on March 28, 2020. #coronavirus 
The Sunday Telegraph features a new photo of Duchess Kate as she work from home during the CoronaVirus Outbreak. 
#NEW: Brazil’s President Jair Bolsonaro dismisses a sweeping lockdown to contain the new coronavirus, defying health authorities’  (Per ⁦ 
So sad. Bobby Hebert Sr., father of ex-former Falcons QB & grandfather of T-Bob's grandfather, dies from coronavirus. After Bobby signed with Falcons I went to Cut Off, La., for profile on QB. Had seafood feast with Senior & friends, drove on. Great man. Prayers up.  …
the coronavirus has got everyone an emotional and horny wreck
“We are nowhere close to the rate of release we need to see to stop the spread of COVID-19. Every day that government officials do not act is another day that lives are put at risk.”- @UdiACLU Spread of Coronavirus Accelerates in U.S. Jails and Prisons 
A federal civil rights official cautioned against possible discrimination in deciding who gets life-saving coronavirus treatment. The government will not tolerate decisions for ventilators based on age, race, religion or disability, he said. 
. @ShannonNajma @byjayroot: #Coronavirus test results in Texas are taking up to 10 days — and the long lag time means that data disseminated to healthcare providers, government leaders and the general public is out of date  … #txlege
Wow! Damning report! This doesn’t make @CardinalSean or @charitiesboston look good at all. Never mind @MassGovernor @massgop @michellemalkin #AbortionIsMurder #coronavirus  …
Global responses to #coronavirus. Jury out on lockdown or no lockdown. Aust rate of rises slows. Tosh Szadow  … #Covid_19
Russian biodefense troops have been disinfecting nursing homes in Italy. Meanwhile, the US has been increasing sanctions on Iran, and has ordered  to plan for an escalation of  in #Iraq #coronavirus 
Why doesn’t Daily Mail just hound the coronavirus out of public life, like it does with minority groups?
Because of @realDonaldTrump we are now #1 in the world for Coronavirus cases.  …
The coronavirus death toll in the U.S. has surpassed 2,000. More than 120,000 confirmed cases  …
-U.S.  teams in charge of protecting homeland security are being isolated in the infamous Cheyenne mountain bunker where they will remain 'sealed off' until the coronavirus pandemic passes-  …
A County Public Health Order prohibiting public gatherings is now EXTENDED INDEFINITELY until further notice. Everyone must stay home except to take care of essential needs or go to an essential job. #coronavirus #SocialDistancing #WeStayAtWorkForYou 
#Gambia: I am in full support of the new measures introduced by @BarrowPresident to fight the novel #Coronavirus. I urge my fellow citizens to support, observe & respect the #StateOfEmergency conditions. In crucial times like this, we must make sacrifices for our country & people
looking for 18+ people to appear in a REMOTE episode of I spent a day with CONFIRMED CORONAVIRUS CASES to tell your story on my show. will pay for your time. 
#Coronavirus has unseen effects on today's youth. Kids are forced to grow up faster as they deal with school shootings, social media pressure, a great recession, climate change and now a #coronavirus pandemic 
Some students want U.S. colleges to give a "universal pass" as the coronavirus disrupts classes rather than adopting a pass/fail system. "There are people who will not pass their classes," one student said. “The most vulnerable will be drastically harmed.” 
Pakistan squash legend Azam Khan loses battle against coronavirus in London The 95-year-old was tested positive for COVID-19 last week and breathed his last at London's Ealing Hospital  
Three flights from Ethiopia landed in Dublin today among dozens of others while you’re being told to stay locked up in your home! This is #LeosLockdown #CoronaHoax #Coronavirus 
Australia recorded 450 new coronavirus cases on Saturday, marking the biggest spike in the country since the start of the pandemic.  …
Woah. ”While heroic staffers beg for protective equipment & don garbage bags to treat coronavirus patients at Mount Sinai Hosp,two of the system’s top executives are waiting out the public health catastrophe in  of their Florida vacation homes”  …
A good thread on legality of “quarantine” power. #Trump irresponsible statement about quarantine is dangerous because legal or no, it cld drive panic and send people fleeing, if they have somewhere to go. Happened in Italy. Panic is bad for public health. #Coronavirus  …
Parents can now be arrested if children break coronavirus lockdown rules  …
Brazil’s President Jair Bolsonaro has dismissed sweeping lockdown to contain the new coronavirus, defying health authorities’  Listen to some of his recent statements. Story by @DLBiller  
Thanks to all those who have registered as NHS Volunteers. In case you can't find your  pack, you can find the links to the various roles on  @nhs @RoyalVolService #volunteer #Coronavirus 
So no campaign rally masquerading as a coronavirus briefing today?
Maybe I'm old fashioned but I think not bombing hospitals would be a good first start for the Syrian regime to 'tackle' the Coronavirus crisis.
More Americans now disapprove than approve of Trump’s handling of the coronavirus pandemic for the first time in Navigator Research’s daily tracking polls. Trump’s net approval on coronavirus has plummeted 13 points over the course of the week.  …
"Workers say New York City hospital dragged its feet on coronavirus protections as the pandemic spread"  …
To tackle the challenges created by the school closures due to the #coronavirus, we need all kind of tools. Technology plays a very important role to ensure #LearningNeverStops. Thank you @GoogleForEdu for joining the #COVID19 Global Education Coalition.  
A Simple Way To Combat Coronavirus: Everyone Should Wear A Mask!  
Coronavirus is a biting reminder to the world about the importance of investing in healthcare, rather than pumping all our money in defence. Here’s hoping that this grim epidemic helps tilt the world’s priorities in the right direction...
Dr. Anthony Fauci: ‘Of Course’ I Would Prescribe Chloroquine to Coronavirus Patients.  …
Have you heard? @FIU is 3D-printing face shields for healthcare workers at @BaptistHealthSF. @FIUCarta is at the center of the initiative and will produce a minimum of 1,000 face shields for Baptist. #coronavirus 
Palestinian groups cancel mass Gaza rallies due to coronavirus  …
I would be gearing up with my mates for sold out Radio City Music hall tonight instead I’m on day 17 of shelter at home and sending love and gratitude to everyone suffering and everyone fighting #coronavirus
The US and #SouthKorea had their 1st confirmed #COVID19 case on the *same day*. Within 1 week, South Korea approved their first #coronavirus test, then rolled out drive-thru testing and has controlled viral spread. The US is now the global epicenter of the  …
HOLY SH*T! Flu Vaccine Increases Coronavirus Risk 36% New Military Study Says  
Social media platforms need to create a way to report coronavirus dis- and misinformation. Twitter recently added the option to report misleading tweets about a political election. This should be the next immediate move.
A 102-year-old woman has recovered from coronavirus in the northern Italian city of Genoa after spending more than 20 days in the hospital, doctors who treated her and her nephew told CNN 
Illinois infant, under the age of 1, dies after testing positive for coronavirus  …
“The phenomenon of stepping onto the balcony in the evening, flinging open the windows, to applaud health-care workers fighting the coronavirus on the front lines has gone global.” We are ALL applauding you, health-care workers. Thank you for what you do.  …
MGM employees who are temporarily out of work because of the coronavirus pandemic are thanking @BrunoMars, who stepped up and donated $1 million of his own money to help those struggling to make ends 
260 Coronavirus deaths in the last 24 hours taking the body count to over 1000... Tragically the next 1000 will be within three days and there will be thousands and thousands more... It did NOT need to happen. #JohnsonIsNegligent
BUSTED: Florida’s GOP governor illegally denied Miami Herald access to coronavirus briefing | Raw Story  … via rawstory
"This can't go on forever, it simply can't, and by forever I mean any day past today is too long in my book at this point. We gotta get people back to work." Judicial Watch: 1.48 M followers Tom Fitton: 855 K followers Both are verified and spreading coronavirus disinfo. 
remember when we thought btc would moon in 2020 but really it was coronavirus that mooned instead
Twitter blocked coronavirus misinformation from Rudy Giuliani and another right-wing internet troll: report  …
Fox Business Host Who Ranted About Coronavirus ‘Scam’ Gets Axed  … via @TPM
For every one look at CNN or FOX coronavirus news, take 100 looks at Jesus.
@chanian needed an extra roll of toilet. So, he called on his friend David for a special delivery..via #drone! ~ @BTtoronto TY, @Hana_ElSayyed #drones #tech #coronavirus @rwang0 @labordeolivier @Xbond49 @jblefevre60 @pierrepinna @Ym78200 @kalydeoo 
PSA: Storms will not kill the coronavirus. Yes, I've really been asked that question multiple times today.
At a White House briefing on #coronavirus on 3/20, Trump called the State Department the “Deep State Department.” Dr. Fauci, dropped his head & rubbed his forehead. NOW, Dr. Fauci has  a target of a conspiracy theory mobilizing to undermine Trump.  …
Breaking News Spain authorities are reporting more than 70,000 confirmed corona virus cases. #coronavirus
China is responsible for the "deaths and economic struggles" caused by the coronavirus." @realdonaldtrump should "deduct the cost of the bailout from our debt owed to China," to make up for the damage they've caused, says Soo 
Kaduna state governor, Malam Nasir @elrufai has contracted Coronavirus. Keep politics aside, and help him and other victims with prayers for a quick recovery. 
Anthony Davis revealed that he has tested negative for coronavirus after the news of the Nets came out. (via @taniaganguli)
Not all of us can do great things, but we can do small things with great love...” - St. Teresa of Calcutta #COVID19 #coronavirus #StaySafeSaveLives 
Crooked Cuomo needs his state’s finances investigated. @NYGovCuomo was on the brink of a budget collapse. His deadline to find billions was April 1st. Suddenly, #coronavirus hit and he was able to extract billions from the Federal government.  …
Remember all those times that you watched the news of coronavirus in China and thought, “dear God, if  to the U.S. we will have no ability to handle it?”
Cystic fibrosis sufferer, 21, beats coronavirus and issues message of hope  
Not sure we all look as chic as the Duchess of Cambridge while working from home. #royal #Coronavirus  …
It's indeed a dead cat bounce & a fake head rally in a persistent bear market. Virus/macro news 2 surprise to downside Investors should brace for another market dive The equity rally reflects too much faith that policymakers can offset coronavirus effects  …
30 day free trial  Hows it going? #coronavirus 
Flashback: De Blasio, NY Commissioner Told People to Gather in Groups When Coronavirus Outbreak Started  Look who made dire mistakes and have zero room denigrating the white house response. This is uncharted territory; let’s pull together leftists.
Indeed one can only get contracted by the corona virus by the will of God, but that shouldn't be a reason not to take a preventive measure or pray harder. May the Almighty heal our brothers and sisters out there and protect us all from CoronaVirus.
US grants $2.9 million to India for fight against coronavirus pandemic  …
Queen Elizabeth tested positive to coronavirus? That’s actually Checkmate!
BREAKING: Orange County on Saturday said total coronavirus cases jumped to 403, including four deaths  …
NEW: Number of confirmed coronavirus cases in Spain has reached 70,000.
In the midst of the Coronavirus crisis, Hillary Clinton mocked sick & dying Americans, Failed Writer Julia Loffe called America a "sh*t-hole country," And washed-up actor Michael Rapaport wanted Barron Trump to get infected. This is the Democratic Party.
SUMMARY/ The full list of big cities facing 1st/2nd-wave coronavirus crises includes: Atlanta Boston Chicago Dallas DC Denver Detroit Houston Indianapolis Los Angeles Miami Milwaukee New Orleans NYC Philadelphia San Francisco Seattle St. Louis
But NBC told me that China was the “global leader” in addressing the coronavirus.  …
Someone said If Queen Elizabeth Can test positive for Coronavirus then what is Buhari waiting for?
The department is working round-the-clock to assist SMMEs who are negatively affected, directly or indirectly, due to the Coronavirus pandemic. Here is useful information in applying for assistance: 
The Trump Administration during February time was also classifying information having to do with the coronavirus. We still don't know what was disclosed behind closed doors.
Kenya has embarked on a dusk to dawn curfew to curb the spread of deadly coronavirus. This particular restriction on normal life is abnormal for a particular group of people, we seldom think about. This is a THREAD on what happens to STREET FAMILIES during this COVID-19 times
If you can, please donate to @yashar’s fund which will directly support hourly workers impacted by the Coronavirus pandemic.  …
Germany's Dr. Fauci-like Christian Drosten has revealed that Germany is conducting 500,000 coronavirus tests each week. This partly explains why their CFR is so low. The US has conducted an estimated 750,000 tests in total. The UK is around 100,000.  …
Coronavirus: Spain Logs 832 Fatalities in 24 hours, IMF Confirms World In Recession 
Is there no one on Joe's staff who knows this is and has been the law? I get that he's not all there, but whoever runs his Twitter account should know. They probably do know, they're just hoping the public doesn't know, which makes this sick propaganda. #coronavirus  …
PM writes to every home urging people to stay in to fight coronavirus  
LA COUNTY UPDATE: County reports six additional deaths, 344 new cases of #coronavirus; total stands at 1,804 cases, 32 deaths  …
Put it this way... many @KYGOP in the legislature and constitutional officer level have quietly admitted to me they are grateful their guy didn't win last November. #KYGov #COVID19 #coronavirus  …
if they  up w the coronavirus cure soon fuck it imma step in and handle it my damn self
#Coronavirus pandemic: Pathological globalists implementing a depopulation program  …
An infant who tested positive for the coronavirus has died in Chicago, the authorities said on Saturday. It's the first known death of a child younger than one year old with the virus in the U.S.   …
The USA's chance to contain the coronavirus was in February… and we didn't even have a reliable test then because the Trump Administration refused to use a WHO-approved test developed in Germany.
My coronavirus evenings 
If I survive this coronavirus era, I’m getting her pregnant. PERIOD!!!
See's Candies, a California chocolate institution, is suspending production because of the coronavirus.  …
cedar crest kids can’t get the coronavirus since our immune systems are so strong from the brown school water
Good news. Mommy has decided to not return to work as #PPE not available. She wore a construction worker mask and could not breathe doing ultrasound scans. She’s 71 not 70 as previously posted. I’m so freaking relieved. #coronavirus 
BREAKING: Nigeria’s Coronavirus Cases Rises To 97 As NCDC Confirms Eight More Infections 
NYS needs qualified health professionals (e.g. Drs, nurses) to help build temporary hospital staffing capacity as our hospitals are challenged by a surge from coronavirus. If you can help, sign up today:  …
The most “infectious” #coronavirus song you’ll ever hear... 
If yall are wondering why Liquor stores are "Essential Businesses" just remember that alcohol withdrawal literally kills people. In the wake of Coronavirus ravaging our healthcare system, Alcohol Withdrawal is the last thing I need to worry about at my hospital right now.
Many places, nationwide, giving FREE #petfood. CORONAVIRUS: Pet food pantries fill critical need during COVID-19 crisis. Go to @Jr3597 for more info or  …
One of the best, most insightful 40 mins you will spend listening to @ianbremmer on @MorningBrew podcast: How Coronavirus Is Creating a New World Order  …
To keep the coronavirus out, island nations are trying to turn what are typically their weaknesses — isolation and remoteness — into strengths, says the director of the Pacific Islands Program at an Australia-based think tank. 
Many papers including @indystar are letting non subscribers read coronavirus articles. Can you imagine any other business giving their product away when it is most needed? Especially a business on life support like print journalism? If at all possible, subscribe.  …
This Bernie Sanders supporter thinks the coronavirus pandemic has shown that being moderate is useless PREACH!! Make it go viral, #NotMeUs!  …
Here's part of a segment I produced this morning on @amjoyshow! @JoyAnnReid interviewed @Fahrenthold on how the Trump family & businesses will be effected by the coronavirus relief bill (as no funding will go to the Trump org); give it a watch!  …
Coronavirus: Keystone Bank donates N1bn to the fight against COVID-19  
A 102 year-old Italian woman defied expectations, and was deemed 'immortal' after surviving her coronavirus infection. "The virus surrendered in front of her." 
No worries. Although all @WhiteHouse tours have been canceled due to the coronavirus, by way of her  in  of her man room in the basement, Hilary can now take a virtual tour of what she lost. Good Times 
A big THANK YOU to all who joined us in the AdventHealth Daytona Beach parking lot, sending messages of support to our health-care workers by flashing headlights, honking horns and joining us in prayer for our team members on the frontlines of the global #coronavirus pandemic. 
Considering @BernieSanders was taking a leadership role on the coronavirus pandemic while @JoeBiden disappeared into a dark closet for a week, shouldn’t the fine folks at @CNN give Bernie a town hall too? Seems fair considering the primary is still going, right?
I think that couch started the coronavirus 
Just now realizing that a 2021 Olympics will be the 25th anniversary of the Magnificent 7 and my current theory is that NBC did the coronavirus
Italy’s COVID-19 death toll tops 10,000 despite long coronavirus lockdown  …
Good news! Utah Rep Ben McAdams just released from hospital. He was first admitted week ago Friday suffering from coronavirus. His message: this is deadly serious Happy for you and family, Ben!  …
Increasing numbers of police officers and civilian law enforcement staff are getting sick as the number of coronavirus cases explodes across the U.S. The growing tally raises questions about how laws can and should be enforced during the pandemic. 
Must listen: Iain Dale was lost for words as a caller urged the public to listen to official coronavirus advice from the government. Cliff was speaking just 2 hours after his mother's death. @IainDale |  …
This was the moment a grizzly bear emerged from hibernation as the world went into coronavirus lockdown. 
코로나 - Corona, or Coronavirus 마스크 - English word for mask Doctor in Korea explaining COVID19, and the importance of wearing masks. 
#DYK: Korea can conduct up to 18,000 #coronavirus tests a day and is exporting test kits to other countries in need. Learn how Korea offers a model for others battling the #COVID19 pandemic:  
How is Australia  to other countries on trying to limit the number of coronavirus cases .. Latest graph from @jburnmurdoch 
Luis, a pesticide applicator is out in the fields working & says, "I'm concerned the #coronavirus can infect me and my family at home. My employer gave us information on how to protect ourselves from the virus, but I can't stop worrying." 
Coronavirus: 30 million households to receive letter from PM warning 'things will get worse before they get better'  …
y’all won’t believe the coronavirus started from eating animals despite the overwhelming amount of evidence from credible sources but will believe that it started on purpose as a way to control the pollution.
"The crisis is inherently political because it was caused in part by  malicious, and corrupt politicians,” Paul D. Miller writes about the coronavirus pandemic. 
The coronavirus crisis will likely force hospitals to ration care and introduce doctors to an entirely new way of practicing medicine, @jameshamblin  …
Hydroxychloroquine, a malaria drug that President Trump touted as a coronavirus treatment, was no more effective than conventional care, according to a small study 
"Unfortunately, the suggestion that #coronavirus disease 2019 ( #COVID19) may have originated in bats is putting them at increased risk...The need for public education about bats...is urgent and vital to their conservation." Read the Letter to Science.  
The 2 twenty-something males in this car would have DEFINITELY been “SAFER AT HOME”. Car crashed 300’ over the side of Angeles Crest Hwy. C’mon people, let’s minimize emergency responses when we can. #coronavirus #SaferAtHome @LASDHQ @CPBLASD @LASDMurakami 
A 102-year-old woman has recovered from coronavirus in the northern Italian city of Genoa after spending more than 20 days in the hospital, doctors who treated her and her nephew told CNN 
. @JoeBiden and the Coronavirus. With @batchelorshow  For more GREAT content PLEASE support our GREAT sponsors... @MyPillowUSA @relieffactor @balanceofnature  
Why are corporations seeing a bailout, yet student loan debt is just being postponed? #CancelStudentDebt #OurRevolution #Coronavirus 
. @TomFitton on #Coronavirus: "The only way to rescue the economy is to get the country moving again. A strong economy is the best way to protect public health in the long term." 
Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson are finally back home after being quarantined in Australia with coronavirus  
Just 20 days ago Barnaby called called for "a reality check" re coronavirus outbreak arguing it posed less of a threat to Australians than snakes 
FAscinating video explanation of why chloroquine is of interest in connection with coronavirus: because it is a zinc ionophore. Lecture from March 10. Already he noted difference betw Italy and Korea  which have diverged astonishingly subsequent  …  
JUST IN: Eight (8) new cases of Coronavirus have been reported in Nigeria. 2 in FCT, 4 in Oyo, 1 in Kaduna, 1 in Osun State. Total cases in Nigeria now 97 
EXC The government will permit the use of abortion pills at home during the Coronavirus epidemic Matt Hancock performs the U-turn after his department issued, then withdrew, guidance last week The measure lasts up to 2yrs for women <10wks pregnant. By me and @cazjwheeler 1/3
INSANE! O’Crazio-Cortez is MAD that people in the US ILLEGALLY are not getting #Coronavirus aid money! @realDonaldTrump 
U.S.  teams in charge of protecting homeland security are being isolated in the infamous Cheyenne mountain bunker where they will remain 'sealed off' until the coronavirus pandemic passes.  …
This tortoise face geezer keeps popping up my tv dishing out advice on how to protect yourself from coronavirus! I might be wrong but hasn't he got it? #coronavirus #COVID19 #CoronaUpdate 
I don't know if this has been in the media today, but Gtec has been told they are not getting any orders for ventilators!. Dysons model is currently being tested with an order attached to the  #ventilators #coronavirus #covid19UK
Hospital staff across Australia are bracing for an "enormous" surge in coronavirus cases amid warnings that private hospitals could shut down. #Coronavirus  …
Facts no longer matter. The pursuit of the truth no longer matters. The media wants you to believe that hundreds of thousands are dead or dying. And woe be to anyone who questions their narrative. #coronavirus
Total confirmed cases of Coronavirus outside of China (81394 cases) #StayAtHomeAndStaySafe 
Orlando McDaniel, a Louisiana State football and track star who played one season in the NFL with the Denver Broncos, has died at 59 of coronavirus. 
The coronavirus has hit Capitol Hill. Lawmakers in both parties, and in both chambers, have tested positive. 
#BREAKING: State Department of Health reports 29 new confirmed cases of coronavirus in Hawaii; 151 total cases have now been reported statewide.
Let me be clear: Bernie Sanders has been fighting for this since before there was a coronavirus. Joe Biden was fighting for a system that just saw 3 million people lose their health care in a single week.  …
Students from the Camas Robotics Booster Club in Washington are using 3D printers to build face and eye shields for local hospitals during the #coronavirus They’ve made more than 500 already! 
Fun Coronavirus Challenge: find a cure
Coronavirus: Not good enough for our leaders to just be followers  … @australian #auspol
It's a sign from the Lord!! Nearly 3 dozen who attended event at Arkansas church test positive for coronavirus  … via @nbcnews
After this Coronavirus lef erh the dance we go do for the church there unless them sack we
New York's Cuomo postpones primary election as coronavirus cases keep growing  
2,008 people have now died from Coronavirus in the US.
Actor Michael Rapaport to President Trump on #CORONAVIRUS 
The thing that's absolutely wild about billionaires giving a less than 1% of their wealth to fight coronavirus is most people my age have a *negative* net worth. When we throw even $5 towards coronavirus relief, it's both none and all of our wealth
First rule of Coronavirus: Don’t listen to Donald Trump.
His son, Kevin, said he hopes sharing this story will make people take coronavirus seriously and understand the human toll. “I beg you all to do what is right and only go out when it is necessary, as this crisis is only going to get worse,” he wrote.
"All foreigners, including asylum seekers, in #Portugal with pending applications will be treated as permanent residents until at least July 1, to ensure migrants have access to public services & national health service during the #coronavirus outbreak"  …
Given all the coronavirus news, I'll anchor a special @CNNSitRoom tonight from 7-10PM ET. I've invited several doctors: @SenBillCassidy @vivek_murthy @PatriceHarrisMD @AbdulElSayed & @llborio Also Captain Patrick Amersbach of the USNS Comfort hospital ship now on its way to NY
Joe Biden has one key coronavirus question he wants answered: ‘Where are the tests, Mr. President?’  …
Hi friends, spread the word: Tomorrow, 11AM NYC time+18:00 Turkey time, I will host a youtube live program with: @rakelsezer (Istanbul) @endeavoringE (NYC) @CaKizil (Berlin) @IlanBenZion (Jerusalem) to speak about #coronavirus pandemic+its global aspects. To be posted on my feed!
Los Angeles County has closed all of its beaches in an effort to reduce crowds as officials try to enforce social-distancing guidelines to slow the spread of coronavirus. 
Cruise ships are still stranded at sea due to #coronavirus pandemic:  
A UN aid package for the United States... #CoronaVirus  …
Joe Biden has one key coronavirus question he wants answered: ‘Where are the tests, Mr. President?’  …
Australian Reporter Rita Panahi Takes the WHO, Chinese Regime to Task Over Coronavirus Lies China was so worried about making sure they weren't blamed for the virus that they did everything in their power to keep whistleblowers quiet.  …
Just want to say a huge thank you to all the health professionals around the world. Your  skill and bravery is immeasurable! We love you! Thank you! #Covid_19 #coronavirus 
Unconfirmed report is out saying that Queen Elizabeth II has tested positive for coronavirus.
Namibia has reported its 11th case of a novel coronavirus infection, the health ministry confirmed on Saturday night.  
Today my doctors are releasing me from the hospital to continue my recovery at home. I'm grateful to the staff at the @UofUHealth. I urge everyone to take the threats of #coronavirus seriously- follow @CDCgov and public health guidelines. We will get through this. #utpol 
Employee at Phoebe Hospital in Albany, GA quits on the spot after being asked to work with coronavirus patients. 
Update: The symptoms seem to be more inline with his diabetes and other medical conditions. His blood sugar was almost 500. Good news on the Coronavirus end, since they can’t test him anyway. Thanks for all your thoughts and prayers! Resisters rock!!!  …
Grandma, 108, who survived two world wars 'UK's oldest' to die from coronavirus  
When Trump signed the $2.2t coronavirus act, his “signing statement" says he won't let an independent IG oversee the bailout funds. Trump wants to control the $500b slush fund for himself and his re-election. Congress shouldn't give him a dime without an independent IG.
At least ten people who attended the Winter Party Festival, an annual party on Miami Beach that drew thousands, have tested positive for coronavirus 
And from them ZERO donation to help India fight against Coronavirus. 
The City of Miami Gardens will begin enforcing a curfew from 10 p.m. to 5 a.m. as a measure to help stem the spread of the #coronavirus.  …
As U.S. demand for ventilators skyrockets during the coronavirus pandemic, smaller medical-device makers are simplifying their designs and pushing other work aside to make more of the devices  
Head nurse Cai Liping of Wuchang Hospital died of #coronavirus infection in Wuhan. When the van transporting her body drove away, a man tried to grab the van and see her one last time. That's her husband, a doctor working for the same hospital.  03
Democrat guide to a pandemic: Step 1: Identify a problem that already exists due to your bad policies. Step 2: Blame problem on #coronavirus & feign concern. Step 3: Get the federal government to fund the elimination of the problem you created. Step 4: Seek re-election.
Confirmed: you will not get #Coronavirus #COVID19 from making eye  …
Joe Biden has one key coronavirus question he wants answered: ‘Where are the tests, Mr. President?’  …
Us watching Chernobyl in 2020: why were they touching that graphite? Didn’t they know it was radioactive? Our grandkids watching Coronavirus in 2050: why weren’t they washing their hands and staying home? Didn’t they know it was a pandemic? 
ESPN NBA Reporter Doris Burke Tests Positive for Coronavirus 
So much immune boost bunk it is hard to keep up! In general, can ignore it all, especially when  from people selling stuff (I'm talking about you, @TomBrady!). Say no to the boost bunk from chiropractors, naturopaths, homeopaths and the #GOAT. #COVID19 #coronavirus 
30 seconds in, medical staff in Spain doing Simran #waheguru #coronavirus 
Florida confirms over 500 new cases of coronavirus in the state 
Wuhan..let's not forget the beauty of this city,it's not a city that only associates Us to #coronavirus 
The masks China have sent out don’t even work. Their coronavirus tests don’t work. China made reporters disappear, threatened doctors and silenced whistleblowers. But please keep telling us how much you believe their coronavirus numbers.  …
There’s a reason that I despise Mark Zuckerberg & FB. The Federalist, a publication for those who can’t understand the U.S. Constitution, is using FB to encourage coronavirus parties, where people can infect each other. Zuckerberg said that’s just fine.  …
When the new "Top of the Food Chain"  in, I think we're moving down a bit. #coronavirus
VIDEO: @jidesanwoolu visits isolation centre set up by @gtbank #coronavirus #COVID19 #StayHomeSavesLives : @Mr_Jagss, 
Didn't the biggest bhakts tell us Modi ji brilliantly knew coronavirus can survive only 12 hours? Why lockdown then? And what happened to the vedic sound vibration energy which was supposed to kill all viruses?
The #coronavirus would be a perfect weapon, and China is too big a place for a bio chem weapons lab to be at the epicentre of the outbreak. There are no such things as coincidences. 
A coalition of anesthesiologists wants to repurpose the country's more than 5,000 surgery centers to serve as emergency overflow amid the #coronavirus pandemic. But obstacles such as federal payment rules are getting in the way:  … @KHNews #covid19
Us watching all the “Click Here” text messages and emails about #coronavirus. Don’t click there. Strength. Together-ish. #Covid_19 
A nurse from Michigan, US, recounts her experience of working on the front line of the #coronavirus outbreak 
Chinese Hackers Attacked Foreign Health Care, Military, Oil Networks as Coronavirus Hit China  … via @defenseone
Trump Approves Coronavirus Major Disaster Declaration For Kentucky  …
General @MBuhari’s response to the #CoronaVirus pandemic, a virus that has killed tens of thousands worldwide, is to release a heavily edited silent video, and some odd photos. Hmm! Buhari is better suited to be an Instagram celebrity, not a leader #LeadOrLeave #BuhariTormentor
U.S. coronavirus cases surge past 100,000 as doctors protest over medical shortages  
Blame @realDonaldTrump for this. HE didn’t take #coronavirus seriously in January and February. He’s lying when he says he did. “The Lost Month: How a Failure to Test Blinded the U.S. to Covid-19” 
Delivery of 5,000 URNS to funeral home in coronavirus epicentre Wuhan raises fears China is underplaying nation's official 3,300 death toll  … via @MailOnline
Ecuador's western city of Guayaquil, one of the hardest hit by novel coronavirus, is planning to build a mass grave as the government predicts an increase of deaths due to the virus 
Covid 19 coronavirus: Confusing stay-home message clarified - no, you can't go to the beach  …
New Orleans streets are overtaken by RATS after tourists empty out of the city during the coronavirus outbreak 
Manchester City in Coronavirus Crisis: - Offered Etihad to NHS - Paid wages of 1,000 casual staff - Donations to foodbanks - Supporting the elderly - Pep donating €1m - Sane donating €500k Other Top 10 clubs (excl SUFC): - Writing a letter to CAS to ban City from UCL 
Federal health officials have approved a coronavirus test that can provide results in less than 15 minutes, using the same technology that powers some rapid flu tests 
Things to do while under coronavirus lockdown: Play human Hungry Hungry Hippos. 
This is saddest story — and there are others just like him. “He had been in the parking lot of the Kaiser Permanente in Baldwin Park Medical Center for three days and alone in his car for two days before that.” He said he couldn’t get a coronavirus test  …
You are invited. Tonight on DINNER WITH GAFFIGANS at 6pm on my @youtube we are having leftovers and raising money for WHO Coronavirus Response. For every dollar you donate, @youtube matches with $2! Every donation gets a shoutout from my 
. @ArchbishopGomez on Pope Francis’ extraordinary Urbi et Orbi blessing yesterday during the #coronavirus pandemic.  …
Do-nothing Wisconsin Republican Assembly Speaker @repvos now blaming the media for not covering the upside of coronavirus deaths.  …
A traffic camera picked up last weeks turn around in the market #coronavirus @RyanDetrick @LPLResearch 
Jacinda Ardern hosts coronavirus Facebook Live from her home  … via @thepress_net I really can’t wait till the US grows up & gets an evolved leader to replace this ego maniac
Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe has temporary prison leave extended during coronavirus pandemic  …
In the stalled world of sports, infected or not, everyone’s day with  That includes patients battling ordinary illness in hospitals across the country. They are enduring their most traumatic moments of life alone. Meet Captain Tommy. 
There should definitely be a special Pulitzer Prize next year for the best #coronavirus dataviz. But that almost doesn't seem like enough. There's little doubt in my mind that the amazing work of folks like @jburnmurdoch @stuartathompson & @Harry_Stevens is saving 
Brazil now on top 20 list of countries with highest number of coronavirus cases  
Morning everyone : Today's prediction. #COVIDfutureMan Seeing slight slow down in decline. Really hope this is not the second wave. #CoronaVirus #Prediction #Australia #Covid #Covid19 #Australia #Auspol #CoronaVirusAus #COVID19au #CoronavirusOutbreak @COVID_Australia for 
Niggas not understanding this coronavirus shit is no where near over lmao
This is where #Coronavirus #COVID19 will hit the hardest: ICU's. Hospitals across the province have been rushing to buy more ventilators, and they are doing great at increasing capacity. Now, it's up to us in  to prevent the spread so we don't overwhelm the  …
Still my favorite thing from Biden’s town hall was when he said he’d put together a task force to fight the coronavirus. Task force.
This is a message to the vile people who have been sending nasty tweets in response to my friend dying from coronavirus alone in his home - I'm never going to acknowledge your existence, I block and move on. You'd think during this challenging time people would be kind. But nope
Worth remembering that whilst those suffering are at the top of our minds, a constant flow of bad news makes us all ill. Do switch off for long periods. It’s an absolute must. I think Twitter folk are the most guilty party. #coronavirus #Covid_19
NEW: Indian actor Akshay Kumar donates more than $3 million to PM Modi's relief fund to help fight against coronavirus.
Coronavirus forces cancellation of Paris fashion weeks: statement  
Let’s remember that very few Arizonans who have coronavirus symptoms are even getting tested. We also know that @azdhs expects a massive hospital bed shortage in April/May. Why isn’t Arizona taking more action to protect its citizens and slow the spread of the  …
Men who "approve" of the job Tr*mp is doing wrt coronavirus are doing so out of the desire to believe a mediocre man, just like them, could handle an unprecedented challenge. It's not so much saying he's doing well, but that they wouldn't be able to do any better themselves. :)
So essentially #MedicareForAll for those with coronavirus but not for those uninsured or underinsured who have cancer, heart disease, diabetes or any other illness. Why? Anyone who supports this should logically support  …
It was hard to write this - but an important message from a cousin of mine who is battling cancer & who tested positive for Covid-19 today Lifford man with Covid-19 pleads with people to heed lockdown  … via @DonegalDaily #coronavirus #Covid_19
#covid19 #coronavirus For emergency transportation of medical supplies and masks from #China to #Europe, Lufthansa Airlines uses not only transport but also passenger 
Well, here’s whats crazy - @GovWhitmer deciding she’s going to send Coronavirus patients from Detroit to hospitals across the state vs. sending the non-infected patients. So looking to quarantine people in NY, NJ, & CT - while she’s deliberately spreading the virus across MI.
MAP: Coronavirus hits NY’s poor neighborhoods the hardest The map shows the biggest share of people testing positive for the deadly virus are in a swathe of the poorer neighborhoods, which stretches from Brooklyn through Queens and out to the Rockaways. 
Man City offer NHS free use of Etihad Stadium in battle against coronavirus  …
Florida college students test positive for coronavirus after going on spring break  
Like the Chinese and Russians, many Democrats and their leftwing allies in The Swamp are similarly spreading misinformation about the United States’ coronavirus response — and blaming President ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩.  …
People are still claiming they have coronavirus without having been tested to get attention. Can you temper your relentless appetite for narcissism for just 5 minutes?
Delivery of 5,000 URNS to funeral home in coronavirus epicentre Wuhan raises fears China is underplaying nation's official 3,300 death toll 
#USC Working on Coronavirus Vaccine, Researchers Announce  …
The systemic decoupling from China's grip on supply chains has been already taking place prior to the #Covid19 outbreak, but the #Coronavirus crisis has been the trigger of major supply chains disruption that might result in a major shock to the #GlobalSystem.  …
Coronavirus is affecting more than just live music  …
How quickly wildlife takes over when humans disappear. The coronavirus has turned Cambridge, MA, into such a ghost town that a flock of turkeys is doing a mating dance on an empty sidewalk in Harvard Square. 
I’m really looking forward to tomorrow’s performance by the great @eltonofficial in solidarity with #COVID19. Thanks as well to @RyanSeacrest for supporting @WHO & reminding everyone of the steps they can take to stay safe from the #coronavirus.  …
Here is what they are doing in hospitals. They are forcing black nurses and doctors to care for coronavirus patients. The Nurses Manager knew of her health history but did not care. She also knew of the young children at the black nurse's home but did not care. 
Remember when trump said that the #Coronavirus would be good for the USA? Over 120,000 cases and 2,000 deaths in the USA and counting.
A friend whom I had a falling out with 2 years ago over her support of Trump & me for Hillary, spoke a few days ago. She lives & works in CA & told me Trump knew about the #coronavirus & didn’t do FKN shit. The good news is, she’s voting for Biden & we’re back as friends.
While those of you are applauding Johnson for doing a good job and feeling sorry for him having Coronavirus. Johnson wasted 4 vital weeks on herd immunity theories, when he could have taken measures earlier and made sure NHS was properly equipped and prepared for this Pandemic.  …
Are U Desolate Without the #Eucharist? This is what #Pope Benedict has to say: The loss can sharpen our desire for #God  … #Covid_19 #coronavirus #Catholic #Cross #CatholicTwitter #Lent #Spirituality @AdorationServe @TheChildJesus @1catherinesiena 
Arrogance and stupidity better describes the decisions of the Australian and NSW governments who stubbornly refused all pleas to undertake massive #coronavirus  campaign from January. Don’t blame the people for this epic fail. Don’t blame the people.  …
Payments from a federal coronavirus relief package could take several weeks to arrive. 
One question I would invite journalists permitted to take part in the next press conference to ask: how many people who have died so far from #coronavirus did not have ventilators available for them?
The media and politicians are telling us to brace for "the peak" but so far nobody can find video of American's stacked up in hospitals being treated for Coronavirus. So wtf are we ACTUALLY bracing for? The moves seem oddly organized, mirroring a military operation.
The Coronavirus response makes virtually zero sense. NYC is NOT overrun with patient's in the hospitals and waiting rooms. We have multiple videos proving such. Similarly across the country medical staff is reporting being OVER staffed with virtually zero wait time.
According to CNN Health’s tally of cases detected and tested through US public health systems, there are at least 113,805 cases of the novel coronavirus in the United States. 1,892 people have died in total in the US from coronavirus. Below tweet from 5 days ago:  …
This is encouraging news, but we still have a lot of work to do. Extreme physical distancing and testing are the best tools we have right now to slow the spread of novel coronavirus. 
"For LGBTQ-specific guidelines and advice, check out @TransEquality's very good resource pack for trans people and COVID-19, as well as the National @cancerLGBT's explainer, “Coronavirus 2019: What LGBTQ+ People Need to Know.”  …
Experts know the new coronavirus is not a bioweapon. They disagree on whether it could have leaked from a research lab.  …
A friend of mine from Lifford, who is fighting cancer, has tested positive for #coronavirus His message to people everywhere tonight “stay inside”. #Covid_19  …
Nearly 3 dozen who attended event at Arkansas church test positive for coronavirus  … via @nbcnews "Maybe you assumed that it couldn’t happen to you, just like I did" and there it is - it isn't real if it doesn't happen to ME!
Mincéir  and the Coronavirus 
BUSTED: Florida’s GOP governor illegally denied Miami Herald access to coronavirus briefing  …
Cambridge 28 March 2020. Street poetry in the time of #coronavirus. (Thread) An awful tempest mashed the world [air] 
Aldrich, along with @WHO and a growing number of governments, prefers the phrase "physical distancing" to describe interventions like working from home and maintaining at least 6 feet of space between people to reduce the spread of the new coronavirus.  …
Pictures from 1918-19 show the RNA site at Bowen Hills converted into a treatment centre for patients during the Spanish Flu pandemic. Fast-forward to 2020: we're exploring similar options to treat coronavirus patients if there’s overflow from hospitals. #coronavirus 
Covid-19 patients in UK intensive care have 50% survival rate | Coronavirus outbreak | The Guardian  …
Queen Elizabeth tests positive for coronavirus. God save the Queen
Why stop at coronavirus? #MedicareForAll is a human  …
………………………… Owen Poll ………………………… Today, March 28, is the 13th day of the 15-day Presidential Coronavirus Guidelines. Do you approve of President Trump’s handling of the coronavirus crisis?
The Salt Lake Tribune Editorial Board believes Utah needs to take more action to not only to slow the spread of the #coronavirus but also to help residents who are struggling financially. 
Things I have learnt during the #coronavirus pandemic - If u love someone,don’t hurt them - If they matter,don’t let ur  in the way - We‘re nothing without our loved ones - We all need a support system - Appreciate & be thankful for what u have,not everybody is privileged
As coronavirus continues to upend the presidential race, the candidates moved to a split-screen campaign this week — delivering two messages for two Americas. See @jheil's top takeaways:  
"China and Russia have both seized on the novel coronavirus to wage disinformation campaigns that seek to sow doubts about the United States’ handling of the crisis," reports the NYT. So Joe Biden is using Chinese AND Russian talking points.
Coronavirus crisis shows killer Tory cuts must be a thing of the past, says @jeremycorbyn  
In one of the most famous Kurdish chanals, the biologist doctor, talked about @BTS_twt as an example to contain coronavirus, #BTS #BTSARMY He said in the 
3/ Coronavirus has also seen a further (post Brexit) significant reduction in numbers of many East Europeans - particularly Poles - as infection rates in UK higher than home and in some cases hospital care worse than home country.
Fascinating look into the #coronavirus testing debacle. Textbook JFK School of Govt case: less villains so much as people unprepared for their jobs & for this crisis making poor decisions & not moving quickly enough to alter policy when it was not working.  …
NRA Files Lawsuit Against California Officials For Closing Gun Shops During Coronavirus Outbreak @CassandraRules  … via @gatewaypundit
2. Experts are warning coronavirus puts integrity the election at risk. Here's what could  November.  …
Trump, when he sees this tweet later during, “very, super important, Coronavirus response” work time: 
2) But....we have the world's largest and best economy shutdown over 1,730 Coronavirus deaths?? And there's talk of extending the shutdown nationally??? Something doesn't add up! Just what the hell is going on???
Everyone is blaming China for the coronavirus when I think we all know the REAL culprit is none other than Carole Baskin 
It’s only a matter of time we get the breaking news Trump is infected with #coronavirus right?
6/7 of the telemed visits I just performed have symptoms of #coronavirus but none of them severe enough to be tested. At this point, assume everyone has it. Don’t wait to talk to a doc via phone if you have severe symptoms, call 911. #StayAtHomeAndStaySafe #SaturdayThoughts
TOMORROW: Dr. Deborah Birx on the federal coronavirus response in a special edition of 
While educators promote online learning as coronavirus spreads, some Illinois students aren’t equipped with the broadband to even notice. 
Our amazing health care workers who are on the frontlines caring for Americans with the Coronavirus are in need of critical protective gear. Fiat Chrysler is helping to meet that need and will donate more than 1 million protective face masks a month.  …
“A week later, Dr. Fauci — the administration’s most outspoken advocate of emergency measures to fight the coronavirus outbreak — has  the target of an online conspiracy theory that he is mobilizing to undermine the president.”  …
This is only a huge scandal if people talk about it: Jared Kushner’s shadow coronavirus task force appears to be violating multiple laws by using private email accounts with no assurance  are being preserved and by meeting in secret.  …
Sweeping new powers  into force across Northern Ireland from tonight  the spread of Coronavirus, the Northern Ireland Executive says 
The media shouldn’t sensationalize because then they won’t be believed. Coronavirus is huge threat! But the stories being told .... bs as @toddstarnes shows (though maybe he could word matters a bit more delicately but who am i to judge  …
All stores will be providing all health care workers and first responders with free coffee during the coronavirus pandemic 
Tomorrow on #SundayMorning: Jigsaw puzzles Many people shut-in to help stem the coronavirus pandemic are turning to jigsaw puzzles to pass the time. @MoRocca reports on their history and popularity  
There are 5,576 confirmed and presumptive cases of the coronavirus in Canada. -Quebec: 2,498 confirmed (22 deaths, 1 resolved) -Ontario: 1,144 confirmed (18 deaths, 8 resolved) -B.C.: 884 confirmed (17 deaths, 396 resolved) The latest on  …
I tweet this not to dismiss the challenge we face, rather to remind us that people die from all sorts of things and we mustn't forget the 550,000 who will die not of coronavirus, this year and every year. They all deserve our condolences.  …
The Premier League is ready to accept the inevitable over the coronavirus pandemic and tell its players to take a break from training as doubts increase over the likelihood of restarting the season in a month’s time. [ @guardian_sport]
The world is hiding or dying from Coronavirus. Rolling Stone thinks the threat is global warming. That’s not a genuine journalistic choice. Is it actually a paid advertorial? Did someone give them money to do this? 
New coronavirus tests  with certificate allowing those who have recovered to escape lockdown - red zone / green zone passes ⁦ @balajis⁩ ⁦ @daveg⁩ ⁦ @vishalgulati_⁩ ⁦  …
TRUMP, ONE MONTH AGO TODAY: "Democrats are politicizing the coronavirus...This is their new hoax.” “We have 15 people in this massive country because of the fact that we went early, we could have had a lot more than that." TODAY: 120,000 cases in the US; nearly 2,000 deaths. 
The Great American Migration of 2020: On the move to escape the coronavirus 
Love NY! Here's hoping that New Yorkers stay in New York! We prefer growing our own Coronavirus Positives! No offense intended! We'll all Party in September! See ya then!  …
Note - coronavirus is a HUGE family of viruses. There are hundreds of different types of coronaviruses. THE COMMON COLD IS A CORONAVIRUS. Many coronaviruses also appear in animals, including our pets. If you wouldn't dump your gran when she has a cold, don't dump your cat
Former BC Premier @christyclarkbc seems to have deleted this #coronavirus tweet, which garnered a pretty furious reaction. 
BREAK: Sweeping new powers  into force across Northern Ireland tonight at 11pm  the spread of Coronavirus. The  the closure of certain premises and prohibit anyone from leaving home without a reasonable excuse.
. 2A MATTERS - - NRA FILES LAWSUIT vs. CALIFORNIA for CLOSING GUN STORES NRA Files Lawsuit Against California Officials For Closing Gun Shops During Coronavirus Outbreak . NRA = Protecting your Constitutional Rights ...  …
. @CBSNews EVP @KimGodwinTV on how CBS News is staying on the air  to bringing the latest #coronavirus news to our viewers: “If we have to do it from someone's living room, we will." 
France has ordered more than 1 BILLON FACE MASKS, the vast majority from China to help deal with #Coronavirus rampage! I wonder how many masks Africa has ordered up/stocked? We know Jack Ma donated 6 million. 
The main assumption behind the pandemic panic in NYC is that the growth rate in severe #coronavirus cases will grow by 30x in the next two weeks, or about 2,000 ICU beds & ventilators needed each day. Skeptics believe the actual number will be closer to 10% of that.
When do the Coronavirus symptoms begin to show up? Right off the bat.
Stunning statistic 2800 babies (under are five) die in India DAILY That's over 1 MILLION deaths per year. 20 coronavirus deaths are a "national crisis". 1 million dead babies are an irrelevant statistic for the insulated middle class. Hat tip: @dsing001
This decision wasn't taken lightly but was taken to keep you & all our loved ones safe. Help us beat coronavirus. Help us protect your families. Help us protect our NHS. #StayHomeSaveLives #InThisTogether  …
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was blasted on social media Friday for her swipe against President Trump amid the growing coronavirus outbreak within the U.S. 
Cough and sneeze into your elbow, and #washyourhands |  … #covid19 #coronavirus 
Throughout all the daily press conferences held by state leaders regarding updates on the coronavirus and Ohio’s response, one statement has remained the same: “Flatten the curve.”  #10TV
#Biden has one key coronavirus question he wants answered: ‘WHERE ARE THE TESTS, Mr. President?’ Trump had promised the nation that he would set up COVID-19 drive-thru testing sites in the parking lots of big-box retailers but FAILED  …
The Executive has agreed new powers  the spread of Coronavirus and save lives. The powers  into force at 11pm tonight. Read the full statement  …
Great flexibility and leadership. Not easy for highly skilled surgeons suddenly losing operating time and lists. All pitching in to do critical work in fight against coronavirus  …
Hospitals have been handing these out to patients who have tested positive for Coronavirus knowing full well that they won’t be able to pass it to anyone else 
As coronavirus continues to spread around the world, here are five reasons to be hopeful 
Filed under "least surprising" in the Age of Coronavirus: Millionaire slumlord Jared Kushner is demanding his own tenants pay EVERY PENNY in rent, while asking for leniency from his creditors. A disgusting, hypocritical family.  …
She tested positive for Coronavirus a few days ago and is recovering at home from mild symptoms. Now she's sharing her story in the hopes of halting irrational panic over a virus that is in more than 80% of cases not bad at all.  …
More enrichment in France... Since the start of confinement following the Chinese coronavirus, tensions have erupted in the no-go-zone of Noisy-leGrand Jihadi migrants refuse to quarantine & instead attack police and first responders - WHY Allow terrorists into our Countries? 
White House coronavirus task force coordinator, Dr. Deborah Birx, has been under a lot of fire lately for being a Trump sycophant. So I’ve decided to bake her a cake to make her feel better.... 
EXCLUSIVE: Rangers open to NHS using Ibrox amid coronavirus fight with club ready to help similarly to Manchester City  
I don't get this business of rolling out new regulations once-a-day like this is the Coronavirus Election or something.
Louisiana property owners are struggling under the coronavirus pandemic and need flexibility to care for their families. Great to see @fema extend the grace period for flood insurance from 30 to 120  …
Trump administration testing everyone for coronavirus 
Lady Gaga's music director, Michael Bearden, reveals that Lady Gaga would perform at the iHeart Radio Music Award tomorrow, but that it had to be canceled due to the worldwide Coronavirus crisis. 
If I look and smile at you as we pass (from a safe distance) it’s ok. You can’t catch the #CoronaVirus from a smile or a slight wave. We are all in this together. Remember kindness.
For the record, here’s  timeline of all Trump administration actions to fight the coronavirus. Hope you have some time because it’s a long list.   …
Joe Biden has one KEY #coronavirus question: ‘WHERE ARE THE TEST, Mr. President?’ Trump had PROMISED the USA that he would set up COVID-19 DRIVE-THRU TESTING SITES in parking lots of big-box retailers but has so far FAILED TO DELIVER.  … #Coronavirus
Wow -- first Trump tells EPA to stop enforcing all environmental regulations, and now this...taking advantage of #coronavirus distraction to do horrible things.  …
The same Bible said in Exodus that anywhere the blood of the lamb is painted, that this Coronavirus will PASSOVER...... Am I getting a retweet for this???
there's actually no good ethical reason coronavirus treatment should be free but not any other kind of medical treatment. to argue so is to admit that you're okay with a certain number of poor people dying unnecessarily in an ordinary year  …
Portugal to treat ALL migrants as permanent residents during coronavirus crisis when accessing public services. Shame on you Minister @ReginaDo for discriminating against people living in Direct Provision 
Illinois state health officials have reported the death of an infant in Chicago who tested positive for coronavirus; an investigation is underway to determine’s the child’s cause of death.  …
Coronavirus: South Korean doctor says Trump's ‘ego' risks world health Yes, and there shouldn’t be a scintilla of doubt in anyone’s mind that *that’s* the case. #Covid19usa  …
Princess Maria Teresa of Bourbon-Parma, the cousin of Spain’s King Felipe IV, has  the first royal to die of the novel coronavirus. 
HBO has halted production on new season of "Succession" and "Barry." All the latest coronavirus updates in the industry here:  
Mali Records First Coronavirus Death Hours Before Election  
I never thought I could get more annoyed with people at the grocery store, but then Coronavirus happened and wow.
It appears much of the public and  feel we can't criticise the Gov as it's politicizing the Coronavirus crisis. Are you kidding. When a Gov makes decisions in peacetime that could affect how many of it's people live or die, of course it's fucking political...
The American health care system can beat coronavirus, Fox News medical contributor Dr. Marc Siegel said Saturday. Dr. Marc Siegel says America can beat coronavirus as White House sets new guidelines  …
Coronavirus: NHS workers offered free cars and bikes to keep them safe during outbreak  …
i’m fortunate enough to not be hit very hard by coronavirus unemployment/economic downturn, so please plug ur shop in the replies if ur a small business owner!! i’ll try to order from a few shops to help yall out
Where is the $2.3 trillion in assistance from the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES)  from and where is it going? Our new infographic clearly visualizes it for you  
I wish all the best for those suffering from #Covid_19, writes Majid Assadi from inside prison in #Iran 40 years long this regime hooked itself to lies and has threatened millions of innocent lives with #coronavirus only to put up its sham elections. We will prevail... 
UPDATED: The first 1,881 U.S. coronavirus deaths by state and age  …
Alan Jones at his most egregious. What a disgrace. I wonder how many risked their health because of him. The Coronavirus, As Seen Through The Eyes Of A Right-Wing Shock Jock!  …
BREAKING: Tolicizumab (Actemra) shown to be more effective than hydroxychloroquine in treating coronavirus patients, Italian doctors say  …
Sooo is it true 45 still wants to hold the RNC despite the rapid spread of the Coronavirus? Because....I'm good with that Just sayin..
#Coronavirus has ripped the mask off of society's disregard for disabled people and those with chronic illness.  …
U.S.  teams in charge of protecting homeland security are being isolated in the infamous Cheyenne mountain bunker where they will remain 'sealed off' until the #coronavirus pandemic passes  …
Are you willing to take the .002% risk of catching a Serious case of Coronavirus to return back to work.
Britain’s first #WRC title winner Louise Aitken-Walker - the 1990 Ladies' Cup Champion - will help those fighting the coronavirus by driving paramedics and transporting supplies in the Scottish Borders  …
Teen who may have died of coronavirus was denied care due to lack of insurance  
Some 2,500 Army paratroopers who were rushed to the Middle East just days after Christmas remain separated from their friends and families indefinitely as the rapidly spreading coronavirus prevents them from returning home.  …
 health conditions that may increase risk of death from the #coronavirus, including #diabetes and #heartdisease (and #dementia)  … #COVID19 #Alzheimers @HDAwareness @dlhampton @Rosario_Strano @ElaineMansfiel7 @patriciasinglet @lopcute 
JUST IN: #Coronavirus Saudi Arabia extends suspension of work in private and public sectors Saudi Arabia extends suspension of all internal and international flights
McCormick Place will be converted into Illinois’ first field hospital to handle 3,000 coronavirus patients as the state braces for a possible surge in cases in  weeks, officials said. 
Spare a thought for cats #isolating in a folk music household.... #hell @Number10cat #coronavirus 
There is no need for a #CurfewinKenya. According to the despots (and they lie all the time), only 9-38 Kenyans have contracted the #coronavirus. One person has sadly passed on. The USA has 119,138 and 1991 deaths. Canada has 1,534 cases and 55 deaths. But no curfews. #uhurumustgo
I’ve finally finished the bagpiping rabbit so now it’s time to start doing squares for the family Coronavirus quilt which will feature all our pets through the ages. Might start with the fish. 
Sad news: Famous #beverlyhills deli Nate n’ Al’s will close permanently tomorrow night, open since 1945. After a few years of uncertainty, now #coronavirus w/takeout only, put them over the edge. Owners: “Approximately one month ago the world as we knew it changed” 
Why does the #coronavirus have people rushing out to buy guns? Do they provide a deterrent to the disease? Asking for a friend.
Why is MSM not reporting the substantial body of opinion that: Infections are understated by a factor of 10+ Deaths due to #Covid19 are overstated Mortality rates are overstated by 10X plus 10 MORE Experts Criticising the Coronavirus Panic  … #CoronaUpdate
FDA grants emergency approval for 15-minute coronavirus test. We'll have details tonight from @drjohntorres on  …
Twitter Is Mad That Zuckerberg And Kylie Jenner Donated Millions To Coronavirus Aid  
Coronavirus test results in Texas are taking up to 10 days. No one really knows the true picture of the spread in Texas. 
Let’s all hope generosity is contagious... Drew Brees —New Orleans quarterback donated $5 million to help feed Louisiana residents during the coronavirus pandemic.  …
Hey, @BernieSanders look what the “crooks” are doing now—developing a new, incredibly rapid coronavirus test  …
Terrible news. An infant <1 year old has died in #Chicago after testing positive for #coronavirus. This tragic death marks the 1st reported infant mortality from #COVID19 in the  …
Sad sad sad. 1st infant with #coronavirus reported to have left this planet. Just watching this on @CNN we just can’t take this that easy. The data still insufficient to make any real conclusions. #CoronavirusPandemic 
29 year old Adil Rehman recovered from coronavirus - a resident of Bara in Khyber District in KP, he quarantined himself at home when he fell ill and then went to a hospital when his condition worsened - he recovered in 6 days and is now back home  
A Chicago baby is the first infant death in the US associated with coronavirus, an Illinois health official says 
#UPDATE The coronavirus toll in Italy shot past 10,000 and showed little sign of slowing despite a 16-day lockdown  by 
The coronavirus pandemic has now killed more than 30,000 people globally, and has topped more than 650,000 diagnosed cases. Tracking the virus:  
Rhode Island is using Nat'l Guard to hunt down New Yorker's fleeing the Coronavirus. But Rhode Island will NOT hunt down illegals. Now we know what RI thinks of our constitution.  …
India seeks 38 million masks and 6.2 million pieces of personal protective equipment as coronavirus crisis worsens.
Watch this train station in Wuhan, China get disinfected as the city prepares to end its coronavirus lockdown on April 8. 
I only have mild coronavirus symptoms but whatever I’ve got has absolutely obliterated my sense of taste and smell. To test I have had: - a teaspoon full of curry powder - a glass of very concentrated grapefruit squash - a clove of garlic none of which taste of anything
Yesterday I spoke with @michfoundations, @MNAonline & @miunitedways members across Michigan about how the latest Coronavirus package will help them get through this pandemic. I’ll continue to partner with them to ensure they have the resources to support  
Illinois health officials have reported the death of an infant younger than one year in Chicago who tested positive for coronavirus.
When I was young, there was rationing. Then came the 1960s which were amazing. The 1970s were boring. The 1980s promoted greed. In the 1990s, things could only get better. The 2000s really weren't that great. But, #Brexit and #Coronavirus are both absolute sh*te!
The UK government can now legally access your phone location data to see who you might have spread coronavirus to. I'm 100% confident these powers will not be abused after the pandemic ends.
“…could it be that God is using the coronavirus to get our attention so that we will listen to His message?” - Billy Graham's daughter  … Yeah, He couldn't just appear and talk to us. The best way to get our attention is to randomly kill us.
I know some of you thought this was a lil overboard. I ask you to consider that Trump is now proposing to close borders between states. Coronavirus is a immigration issue. So much so that it could cast US-born citizens as migrants crossing internal borders without authorization.  …
"Using data to figure out why men are more likely to die from coronavirus is misandry" - Men's Rights Activists 
The White House had all the information it needed by the end of January to contain Coronavirus. The Trump administration wasted 6 weeks pretending it didn’t exist.  …
Coronavirus: Youths allegedly burn police station for stopping their prayer in Katsina  
Coronavirus charts updated for 28 March. Over 63 000 new cases were reported in a single day. The situation is sobering. COVID-19 has infected more people in the last 24 hours than it did in the first 2 months (mid-December to mid-February). 
Due to the closure of Catholic Charities, we are joining with @CityOfLasVegas & area homeless providers to set up a temporary shelter @Cashman Center. It will open tonight & run through April 3rd, when Catholic Charities will reopen #coronavirus 
Shirley who lives opposite my family home lost her life to Coronavirus today. Dad checked on her 2 days ago.
This morning Cuomo said he had never heard of a ventilator until the Coronavirus. That may be why he refused to restock the 15,000 necessary to replenish NY's emergency supply after the H1N1 epidemic. Ironic that the state with free healthcare for all lacks medical supplies.  …
Dear @HusseiniShehu, People’s general indeed. A general the people don’t see. Small #CoronaVirus and your quota system general ran into hiding. People’s general turned to ghost general. You have not suffered enough. Your senses have not been reset! #LeadOrLeave 
. @SecPompeo is working hard to strengthen the Transatlantic partnership, an effort he reinforced with his call with French Foreign Minister @JY_LeDrian. #France is a vital ally as we work to contain #coronavirus, fight terror, and cooperate to solve global challenges. 
Coronavirus is making Israel pay for neglecting its minorities. Analysis  …
No offense Joe, but you're the last person who should be giving advice on the coronavirus pandemic.... 
An infant in Illinois has died from the coronavirus. A baby y'all. My heart is broken.
At a time when Americans expect and deserve truthfulness regarding #CoronaVirus, the Trump Administration falls short as first responders and victims pay a steep price. #Biden2020 
So doctors are being threatened by governors if they prescribe #chloroquine, etc. for "off label" use to treat #coronavirus. Where is the @FDA on this? As best as I can tell, warning people not to ingest fish tank  …
NEWS: I've been answering your questions on #coronavirus. See my responses here:  … #StayHomeSaveLives
Saudi Arabia extends precautionary measures to fight coronavirus until further notice: public and private sector employees to continue WFH, all international and domestic travel banned 
Since there's no basketball, my editors at the Tribune have asked me to start writing stat-oriented columns on various aspects of the coronavirus pandemic. The 1st one is about Summit County's remarkable case count that puts it in the top 10 nationally:  …
Auburn head equipment coordinator/associate athletic director Dana Marquez works on healthcare masks for coronavirus aid Friday at the Auburn  (photos via 
Coronavirus deaths cross 30,000 7 countries - Italy, Spain, China, Iran, France, UK, US - make up over 88% of all fatalities
if u support free coronavirus testing & treatment but don’t support medicare for all, think deeply about why you’ve chosen to limit  to a circumstance in which *you* might be personally affected. thousands of people die each year because they lack health insurance.
Why coronavirus antibody testing in one Colorado town could provide a way forward - ABC News -  via @ABC
Devastating news from Illinois today—the first death of an infant with coronavirus.  …
Very worth reading: "Coronavirus, anxiety, and the profound failure of rugged individualism" - great convo w/  …
#Iran's proxies in #Yemen shot 2 missiles on #SaudiArabia's capital, Riyadh, Sunday night. Both were intercepted. There're a few odd states seeking end to sanctions against Tehran owing to #COVID19outbreak. Why give relief if #CoronaVirus hasn't disrupt #IRGC stratagem?
At least 15,000 Indians possibly infected w/coronavirus by super-spreading guru Incredibly ignorant or selfish...Guru Singh died from #Coronavirus & already 19 people he interacted with tested positive. When you’re told to isolate, do it! 
LA just passed new rules to protect grocery store employees & delivery drivers, who are among the people shouldering the most risk during the coronavirus pandemic.  …
. @STWorg “argues that coronavirus denial is similar to climate change denial. It’s also perpetuated by the same cast of characters.” 
Four-time British squash champ Azam Khan has died of coronavirus, aged 95. Part of the Khan dynasty, he had lived in UK since 60s and owned the New Grampians club (brilliantly retro, sadly now-demolished) in Shepherd's Bush. A Pakistan great. RIP.
NEW: Facebook says this post from The Federalist — which suggests people deliberately contract COVID-19 — *does not* violate its policies.  The platform bans coronavirus-related misinformation “that could contribute to imminent physical harm.” 
If you don’t restrict people to their homes, more Nigerians will contract coronavirus –Enugu NMA Chairman, Okwesili 
This tweet also works if you take out the word ‘coronavirus’  …
ICYMI - I talked to ⁦ @amyklobuchar⁩ about her husband's recovery from coronavirus.  …
BUSTED: Florida’s GOP governor illegally denied Miami Herald access to coronavirus briefing  …
Coronavirus: everything must change – cartoon  …
#Covid_19 As Italy deals with the shock of a health care system close to collapse & the trauma of fatalities during the coronavirus crisis, the country is struggling to contain another, potentially disastrous epidemic, the contagion of anti-EU sentiment.  …
Abbott said it won U.S. marketing approval for a coronavirus test that can deliver results to patients within minutes  
Had it been malaria attacks our politician like #Covid_19 does. Trust me, there would have been nothing like malaria in Nigeria. These political elites would have joined hands together and kick it out of the country May this Coronavirus bring sense into them and love humanity.
"An open license to pollute": Trump administration indefinitely suspends environmental protection laws during coronavirus pandemic  …
CORONAVIRUS! SLAVES, KNOW YOUR PLACE! 
VIDEO: Woman Who Refused to Practice Social Distancing Gets Coronavirus 
"Very small in the scheme of things..." yet the other Megan (w/an h but no Prince Harry) whines about having no hair & makeup ppl during #Coronavirus. #FACT: Meggie can't do her own hair/face or dress herself. #REALNEWS: 99.999% of American women can & do, every damn day.  …
I have a plan. It will cure the Coronavirus... I’m going to steal the Declaration of Independence.
Grandma, 108, who survived two world wars and Spanish flu killed by coronavirus  
From Self-Isolation to Self-exploration. We invite you to introduce a measure of calming reassurance into your lives by doing this simple guided meditation offered by Sadhguru.  #coronavirus #StayHome #StayAtHome #beatthevirus #goinside 
Rwanda Coronavirus Update President Paul Kagame has ordered door to door free distribution of food to Rwandans and people living in Rwanda to announce other concessions like free Energy(Electricity). SA, We are cursed! #CoronaVirusSA #lockDownSouthAfrica
On signing the giant coronavirus relief act last night, Trump said he wouldn't talk to Democratic governors who were insufficiently grateful for his help. “All I want them to do—very simple: I want them to be appreciative.” Translated: He'll withhold aid from Democratic states.
Lung damage seen in recently asymptomatic coronavirus patient  … via @nypost
Found out one of my Bro’s who’s sick w Coronavirus is in a medically  Not saying this for clout but I want to spread awareness. It’s hitting EVERYONE. I need y’all to pray for him! 
Coronavirus outbreak, India: In 25 days: March 28: 1,024 cases March 23: 499 cases March 18: 170 cases March 13: 85 cases March 8: 43 cases March 3: 9 cases
Trump says he  with key transparency measures in the coronavirus stimulus bill The administration says it won’t provide documentation for audits into $500 billion in corporate bailout funds.  …
BREAKING: major statement imminent from @niexecutive on more restrictions to prevent the spread of coronavirus. Also details on enforcement & fines. New measures  into force at 11pm. More to follow.
The head of the WHO has urged countries around the world to TEST EVERY suspected coronavirus case "You cannot fight a fire while blindfolded," WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus told journalists. "Test, test, test. Test every suspected case.":2  …
#Auburn equipment man Dana “The Sewing Guy” Marquez continued to sew surgical masks today to help provide protection to those who need them during the #coronavirus pandemic. ( 
“These men and women are the anonymous heroes of the coronavirus pandemic and are among those who least can afford to lose their wages and benefits during this crisis.”  … #sanitation #garbage #worker #labor #health #Massachusetts #coronavirus #COVID19
If Trump administration wishes to proceed with ill-conceived county-level #coronavirus risk assessment, here is a draft to get you started, #DeborahBirx #Covid_19 
Nobody gives me the business about my *wet* cough anymore. Hear that? Wet as fuck. #coronavirus #smoker
Imagine the Coronavirus finally breaks Britain's revolution-virginity.
SPRINGFIELD – The Illinois Department of Public Health (IDPH) today reported the death of an infant younger than one year in Chicago who tested positive for coronavirus disease (COVID-19).  …
Inspiring. Humanity is all inclusive. “Muslim and Jewish paramedics pause to pray together. One of many inspiring moments in the coronavirus crisis.”  
College students get 0 dollars from the coronavirus stimulus bill. America’s structures and institutions have repeatedly shown to my generation that they don’t care about us.
OPINION:  official calls on government to change response to coronavirus immediately. 
The coronavirus crisis is prompting a generational awakening in China that could match that of World War II and shape the Communist Party’s authoritarian bargain for decades  
Police keep getting the coronavirus, with at least 6 officers and staff dying from the virus this week. Depts trying to avoid extra exposure are asking 911 callers about symptoms, cutting arrests in some places and not responding to some calls in person  …
Coronavirus update, India: - 138 new cases in last 24 hours - Second largest increase so far - 1,024 cases in total - 85 recovered - 24 deaths - Most cases in Maharashtra - Nearly 28,000 tests performed
Five agencies that play a crucial role in the Trump Administration’s response to the coronavirus outbreak do not have Senate-confirmed agency watchdogs to make sure that their actions are ethical and legal at this critical time.  …
If the CoronaVirus is really is gonna end the world, I’m breakin’ into the Bass Pro and fishin’ the big tank before it takes me out. Merica.
The mental health crisis, which was already underway before #CoronaVirus, must be at absolutely critical levels right now but there's no way to say for sure.
Mum on the phone: “I’ve been reading all about coronavirus. I suppose I’ll either die or things will carry on as before”. I say I don’t know what will happen. Then she says, “It’s not exactly a smorgasbord of delights, is it?”
Keep sharing this message! #Covid_19 #covid #coronavirus 
There is a strong and deep-seated solidarity among Israelis in the face of the #coronavirus pandemic in #Israel. This is the spirit of  …
The Swamp and Coronavirus. With @batchelorshow  For more GREAT content PLEASE support our GREAT sponsors... @MyPillowUSA @relieffactor @balanceofnature  
Kennedy Center gets $25M due to Coronavirus. Kennedy Center lays off 100 workers due to Coronavirus. I'll stifle my anger and simply ask, WHAT is that $25M being spent on? It's definitely not being spent on ordinary Americans like you and me.  …
Heatwave, storm and freeze Coronavirus be gone @EszterEsztero @ibridges1301 @holgasinmas @LenakaktycF @VMinuz @JanetStanley1 @RenateKleine @MilaDreamMusic @Rubyslippers82 @irotchk @summerlily_mas @KinlochSusan @sharonspictures @EmmaAlwaysHopes @Lady4lunch 
New, from @SPJ_NorCal + @FACoalition: If you've had a CA agency (local or state) tell you that they are not processing public records requests because of #coronavirus #Covid_19, use this letter template to respond.  …
Last week I sat down and today‘s the first time I’ve really got up since. I’m in the young and healthy camp but (what would appear to be)  floored me. It felt like being hit by a truck. Stay indoors, stay safe, listen to doctors.
Instead of focusing on how china has been making Spain and Italy pay for faulty masks and coronavirus testing the NYT is running fan fiction that a MD colonel has  a lacky for trump Priorities I guess...  …
Creepy WHO response when democratic Taiwan mentioned. The #coronavirus crisis has confirmed how deeply this part of the UN is under China’s control. The WHO scandalously ignored Taiwan’s warnings about what was happening in Wuhan, consistently accepting China’s line.  …
Hockey  Bauer is still making face shields for medical workers on the front lines battling coronavirus.  …
So inspired to hear @BromptonBicycle - great London #creative #entrepreneurs are lending 1,000 bikes to help @NHSEnglandLDN workers get to work without risking infection on the crowded tube. Thanks from all of us @BbhJulian #coronavirus #NHS #creative_entrs
When exactly are the Trump properties going to be opened up to assist the Coronavirus pandemic? (Thought so)
All im saying is if obama was president and he downplayed the coronavirus the same way trump did and we were in the same situation that we are today the media would be ripping him to shreds and republicans would be losing their dam mind
Trump already signed a coronavirus bill into law *2 weeks ago* that guarantees paid sick leave and free coronavirus testing, and adds funding for Medicaid, unemployment benefits and food aid.  …
When trump did it to Puerto Rico in withholding aid it was Genocide then but because it was black & brown people folks looked the other way Now that he doing it to white folks for #coronavirus and suddenly its #TrumpGenocide FYI, It was ALWAYS Genocide..trump is a sociopath
Whenever I see “coronavirus” I read it in Cardi B
Trump calles the Fake News out every day! SMH Dr. Birx: Coronavirus Data Doesn't Match The Doomsday Media Predictions  …
Please take this coronavirus serious.
Wait, what? People with coronavirus get free treatment but if you get cancer or have a heart attack you should have to pay? Do you see how deeply stupid this is? #MedicareForAll or go home, bub.
Royal Palace confirms Queen Elizabeth tests positive for coronavirus  
Coronavirus: Green's TopShop empire to halt pension payments  …
RIP former LSU Wide Receiver Orlando McDaniel who died of the Coronavirus. 
Listen to the Doctor who is an expert advising President of the US on #coronavirus as to How this thing spreads. 
“In Russia, President Vladimir Putin this month pushed through parliament the removal of term limits, ensuring he could remain in power for life, just as the fear of the coronavirus has rendered public protests against these constitutional changes impossible.”  …
This Coronavirus shit is more serious than what the government is allowing us to see... we all need to be mindful of each other lives and taking the proper precautions to help getting rid of this shit! PPL ARE DYING ALL DAY EVERYDAY YOUNG & OLD !
Always good to speak with French Foreign Minister @JY_LeDrian to highlight Transatlantic cooperation to resolve global challenges, including the #coronavirus. We had a good discussion on @NATO, maintaining the integrity of our 5G networks,  terror in Africa.
Groundless assurances  from President Trump, a rosy outlier on the science of the coronavirus pandemic. 
A 101-year-old Italian man was released from the hospital after recovering from the coronavirus. The man, known only as Mr. P., was born in 1919, during the Spanish flu pandemic.  …
The groundswell of support has begun for Communist China to pay financial damages for the regime's lies and coverup of the global Chinese coronavirus pandemic.  …
Coronavirus-panicked dad locks 21 y/o son out of house after spring break spring break in South Padre Island, Texas — and stayed there against the advice of his father, Peter Levine.  … via @nypost
Robbery in times of coronavirus, via 
JUST IN: An infant less than one year old has died in Chicago due to #coronavirus
M A G A The enemy is rising up Against America Do you stand w @realDonaldTrump During the CoronaVirus Do you love America U N I T E Reply  Follow all replies Happy Saturday Patriots God is in control 
Trump sends cease, desist letter on ad featuring one giant sound bite of his mad coronavirus musings  …. Let’s keep this ad going!
This @SkyNews take is horrendous. It's also wrong. UCL estimates: "the spread of coronavirus could lead to at least 35,000-70,000 excess deaths over one year"   …
Good Q from follower: "They are using this faulty data modeling to shut everything down. Did they model the effects of how this shutdown will affect the poorer population?" So far, no evidence anyone did ANY analysis on how effects of shutdown on ANYTHING but virus. #coronavirus
Day of quarantine: 14 I have mastered the element of fire #CoronaLockdown #coronavirus #QuarantineLife 
Outrageous! This is how China is manipulating @WHO. No wonder WHO crawled when it should have exposed China’s lies and propaganda. How is the WHO Chief still holding that position even after 30000 deaths due to #CoronaVirus? 
Since March 28, 2020 Coronavirus has spread to: • 6 Continents • 199 Countries and Territories • 27,441 people have died • 20,000 in Europe • 10,023 in Italy • 5,690 in Spain • 2,000 in France • 1,019 in UK • 36 in Ireland #StayAtHome 
“the very day that the United States has reached a record 100,000 confirmed cases of the coronavirus... the Secretary of the Interior has ordered that our reservation be disestablished and that our land be taken out of trust.”  …
CROWN THE EMPIRE Guitarist Brandon Hoover Fully Recovered from Coronavirus  
This is Brock. He turns 10 on April 1 and can’t celebrate with friends cause of Coronavirus. Please wish him Happy B’day! @drewbrees @TheRock @thomasmorstead @Saints @Cantguardmike @teddyb_h2o @SeanPayton 
Why Books Are Comforting in the Era of Coronavirus - WSJ  …
NEW: An infant less than one year old died in Chicago, Illinois after testing positive for the novel coronavirus, the state health department said on Saturday.  …
It’s much more  to other countries like US, UK, Italy, Spain, etc. still India has less number because India took pro active steps against #coronavirus so that’s why it’s just crossed 1000+ in country of 1.3 billion people, now it’s up to Indian people to follow
Cystic fibrosis sufferer, 21, beats coronavirus and issues message of hope  
A spiritual guru who traveled through Europe before returning to India is feared to have spread the coronavirus to at least 15,000 Indians. The guru refused to self-quarantine after returning from Italy, instead visiting dozens of villages. 
Don't like how this crisis is being managed? Do something about it. Make your voice heard at the next Senedd elections. Send a message at the next Westminster elections. Get involved with @yescymru. Start demanding better for Wales. Politicise. Organise. Mobilise. #Coronavirus  …
#UPDATE: Trinidad & Tobago records its 3rd coronavirus-related death; no specifics on the deceased released; out of the 500 total coronavirus  - 76 of these samples tested positive for coronavirus 
An infant younger than age one has died of coronavirus in Illinois, @CNN reports.
ILLEGAL @mikevasilinda, the only reporter @GovRonDeSantis let in to his #coronavirus press conference is a well paid contractor for the State of Florida. Mike is the governor’s @seanhannity .. @MiamiHerald @TB_Times @MaryEllenKlas @jkbjournalist  
The race to prepare rural America for the onslaught of #Covid19 #coronavirus cases  …
. @carolynkor traces the history of the coronavirus, from a nameless parasite living among horseshoe bats in southern China to hundreds of thousands of human hosts across the globe. 
Condition: Moronavirus Symptoms: - panic buying shit for no reason - depriving healthcare workers of supplies - acting selfishly for paranoid purposes - increasing the risk of spreading contagion Conclusion: don't be a fucking moron #covid_19 #coronavirus
Not one astrologer, not one religious guru, not one seer, not one spiritual guru could predict the 2020 Coronavirus  If they could not tell about the biggest thing to happen in decades why do you still run after them!
Companies such as @McLaneGlobal @PepsiCo and @BaylorCoHP have partnered with @USDA @SecretarySonny to provide 1 million meals for children during the #coronavirus #pandemic! Listen to the full interview on @BreitbartNews Saturday On 
As the coronavirus crisis forces changes in transportation, some cities are building bike lanes and protecting cycling shops. @laura_laker argues why that makes 
Awesome: More Than 9,000 Retired Army Medical Personnel Return to Help Fight Wuhan Coronavirus These are Americans...this is what Americans do when there is trouble! They STEP UP!  …
Testing? Testing? Can we get the Coronavirus through a picture?  …
Coronavirus outbreak, India: March 28: 1,024 cases March 23: 499 cases March 18: 170 cases March 13: 85 cases March 8: 43 cases March 3: 9 cases
Do You Know Why We Only Hear Of The Coronavirus’ Worst Case Scenarios? 
Portugal to treat all migrants and asylum seekers as residents during coronavirus pandemic  …
@SNHSNSS / @scotgovhealth : Please deny the rumours that you plan not to ventilate #coronavirus patients over 60 and even patients over 50 may be left without care. I can't believe this could be the case, your clarification would allay such fears. Otherwise I'm off to England!
If y’all don’t think this is all political BS to defeat Trump, let word get out that the November elections are cancelled & Trump automatically gets 4 more years. Coronavirus cases would plummet and Americans would all be back to work on Monday. #QuidProCOVID19 #TrumpGenocide
Combined my two great passions: camp Gilbert and Sullivan musicals and consumer affairs.  is where you’ll find lots more advice about your rights and #coronavirus disruption 
Hard-hit cruise lines don't get U.S. coronavirus stimulus money  …
CORONAVIRUS: Tens of thousands of migrant workers and their families fight their way onto buses organized by India's most populous state, Delhi, to get them to their hometowns amid the COVID-19 pandemic. India so far has reported 933 COVID-19 cases and 20 deaths. (AFP) 
*Me, on Jeopardy* Alex Trebek: In January of 2020- Me, buzzing in: What is coronavirus? Trebek: No. Me: what is Covid-19? Trebek: Im sorry, the answer we were looking for was “Billie Eilish”... “Billie Eilish”
"For the two paramedics, who routinely work together two or three times a week, the joint prayer was nothing new. For so many others, it was an inspiring image in the midst of the global #coronavirus pandemic." #Covid_19  
Please don't share details of our Scientist. I don't trust outsiders and insiders supporting them University of Hyderabad Faculty Develops Potential Vaccine Candidates Against Coronavirus  …
Twitter removes Giuliani tweet pushing misinformation about coronavirus 
We need to quarantine Trump! On Feb 26 When US only had 15 known coronavirus cases Trump said he had it under control + even bragged that "the 15, within a couple of days, is going to be down to close to zero." US now has over 100,000 cases-the most in world! 
SCAMMED: Kennedy Center Receives $25 Million in Coronavirus Package, Still Tells Musicians It Will Stop Paying Them  …
Shocker, a right wing troll who once puckishly flashed the "ok" hand gesture at the White House as a credentialed correspondent just held a Coronavirus party in his fancy NYC apartment. 
If you’re unclear on “social/physical distancing”, imagine there is a whole Kim NamJoon lying down between you and the other person #Covid_19 #coronavirus 
#coronavirus: The first death of an infant younger than one year with coronavirus has been reported in the United States. The death was reported in Chicago by Illinois Department of Public Health Director Dr. Ngozi Ezike Saturday during a press conference.
Young Scot’s coronavirus ‘Copacabana’ song goes viral  …
U.S. media outlets have seized on the coronavirus outbreak to wage disinformation campaigns that seek to undermine China and Russia and their handling of the crisis, rather than addressing public criticism of America's own struggles with the pandemic  …
Very sad to read this... First working NHS surgeon dies from #coronavirus  Adil El Tayar, 63, died on Wednesday. He had spent his final days volunteering on the frontlines against the outbreak in an A&E department in the Midlands.
They call it “novel coronavirus” Now, folks, I don’t know how a virus managed to write a book but that is a very concerning development.
Toxic exposure, especially to #burnpits could be make #veterans more susceptible to the effects of the novel #coronavirus. Knowing a veteran’s medical history is key, especially for those who may be at higher risk for viral infections like 
This is an incredibly helpful database of American federalism in action -- how cities and states are responding to Coronavirus. Well done NYT:  …
We lost a valuable member of our track and  NTX Elite head coach Orlando McDaniel passed away last night due  from Coronavirus (COVID-19).  
Manny Pacquiao is in quarantine after he came into contact with a Philippines senator who tested positive for the coronavirus  …
North Texas Cheetahs Track Club founder Orlando McDaniel, who coached many of D-FW's top girls track athletes, dies from coronavirus. Stars from Mansfield Lake Ridge, DeSoto, Duncanville and Wylie East  for Cheetahs.  … @SportsDayHS 
Germany: Many asylum seekers ignore coronavirus ban on contact and react aggressively. Could this be because these asylum seekers are among the Muslims who believe that the coronavirus is Allah’s punishment on non-Muslims, and that they cannot contract it?  …
According to Illinois @GovPritzker, an infant who tested positive for the novel coronavirus has died. No words.  …
Note, Iran's growth rate in #coronavirus daily deaths has been near identical to Italy (except better than Italy), even though Iran refused to shut down it's economy at all. Same pattern: for 50% to 33% to 25% to 20% to 10% to now 7%. More evidence mass house arrest unnecessary.
Anyway, is there any coronavirus patient that your pastor has healed? Any pastor out there who has healed a coronavirus patient? Where are they when you need them? Pastors who’ve been selling fake miracles, it ends with coronavirus.
JUST IN: Immigration detainees in Pennsylvania launch hunger strike demanding release amid coronavirus pandemic 
Trump promised coronavirus testing at national retailers. Weeks later, it still isn’t in place. Trump lied. 
A 3rd NYPD member dies of coronavirus after hundreds of officers test positive.  …
Most of the Chinese medical supplies are not working in #spain #netherland #CzechRepublic #Turkey #China #coronavirus #chinesevirus 
101-year-old man recovers from coronavirus, reports say  …
PRESIDENT TRUMP GREEN-LIGHTS CALL UP OF OVER 1 MILLION RESERVE TROOPS FOR CORONAVIRUS  …
#Albania sends 30 specialized doctors/nurses to help #Italy fight the #coronavirus. “[Italy] is our home, since our Italian sisters and brothers helped us, hosted us, adopted us”. Super @ediramaal 
Under the law you may be prosecuted for spreading fake news about coronavirus. The regulation prohibits the transmission or dissemination of false information regarding Covid-19, promotion of unverified, untested or unapproved cures, vaccines or other medicinal items.
A cat in Belgium is now the first pet to test positive for #Coronavirus 
New York City police lost its first detective to Covid-19, marking the third NYPD death to the disease that has afflicted the department. Two other members of the department have died from coronavirus, which has infected at least 512 NYPD employees. 
The coronavirus recession is exposing how the economy was not strong as it seemed  … good piece by @davidjlynch
Pictured here is a Frontline Coronavirus Nurse in a Greater Boston Hospital treating her COVID-19 patients in a RAINCOAT after running out of medical gowns. This Nurse happens to be my wife. The PPE shortage is real. DO YOUR JOB AND STAY HOME #Covid_19 
An ER physician who decried a lack of protective measures against the coronavirus at his workplace has been fired. Several hospital staff have now tested positive, though the hospital insists the infections were unrelated to their work at the hospital.  …
Friends of 48-year old Italian doctor who's married with four children and in a critical condition due of the #coronavirus say his condition has deteriorated and ask to keep praying. "Look after yourselves," the say, "as the virus is terrible"  … @NCRegister
Today H&F CAN volunteers sent out the first food parcels for H&F Shield residents from Hammersmith Town Hall: protecting our most vulnerable residents from coronavirus. Thanks to black cab drivers from @TheLTDA & @FreeNow_UK for helping us offer a lifeline to those in most 
Do you think President Trump has handled the Coronavirus correctly? (Please help by retweeting and following before voting!)    #Ad #TrumpGenocide
The Left is now out to destroy Dr. Deborah Birx, our coronavirus coordinator and ambassador-at-large & global HIV/AIDS coordinator at the State Department, first appointed in 2014 by President Obama (and kept by Trump).  … Why? Trump Derangement  …
The media & mass reaction to the #coronavirus will be a case study for decades in media hype & mass hysteria.  …
Juventus players agree to waive four months' wages to help club during coronavirus crisis  …
Fact: Canada has so many strong, qualified female doctors that have  the public face of Canada's #coronavirus response that people are literally selling t-shirts with their faces on them. 
