I've eaten gas station nachos at 3 in the morning on a few occasions so I'm immune to the coronavirus.
Florida residents hit the beach while Texans protest coronavirus restrictions  
Timelapse video shows artist Austin Zucchini-Fowler painting a mural of a healthcare worker in Denver, CO. It took two days for him to create the piece,which honors all the medical professionals fighting in the battle against coronavirus. 
Dr. Birx is not only pandering to Trump, but to @GovRonDeSantis, too. The beaches in Florida should be closed. FACT: Keeping them open costs lives. #COVID19 #Coronavirus
#IfTonyStarkWereInCharge  up w/ a cure with Coronavirus quickly but then would start overthinking it & try to prevent a stronger COVID From appearing down the line & doing more work on the virus but somehow accidentally giving it sentience to where its worse than Before 
New York City has now reported 1 coronavirus death for every 1,000 people living there. That is truly terrifying
I’m urging @realDonaldTrump to  the high numbers of deaths at nursing homes in NY–especially in Queens–due to #COVID19. Also calling for all long term care facilities in the U.S. to inform family members of #coronavirus infections or deaths.  1/2
Titanium but the Alesso remix @davidguetta just raised $600k in 90 minutes for coronavirus relief (via 
Broadway star Nick Cordero's wife revealed in an emotional Instagram story that her husband's leg would need to be amputated as he battles coronavirus.  
Germany lights hundreds of candles to form a giant cross in memory of over 4,000 coronavirus victims 
Trump hails 'positive signs' in coronavirus fight, says US is 'king of ventilators'  …
So now they tell us sunlight and warm weather kills the Coronavirus... After closing down every place people like to spend time in the sun and enjoy warm weather forcing us to stay in our homes. Great job CDC! Our government agencies are useless.
#coronavirus Heroism would not be necessary if the NHS was not critically underfunded  …
Until there is a vaccine or a drug to kill the coronavirus, a resurgence of the epidemic will be an ever-present danger 
Harvard Poll @realDonaldTrump "Approval 49% the highest since March 2017. 56% approval of handling of the economy 51% of Coronavirus. Republican Party approval (48%)" Highest since records kept.
Tally of coronavirus cases worldwide as of April 19, 6:40AM: • Over 2.3 million cases • At least 592,000 recoveries • More than 159,000 deaths Follow this thread for global news on the coronavirus pandemic  
Once enough people get the coronavirus, it will stop spreading on its own. But the costs will be devastating. This phenomenon is known as herd immunity. 
It's not a coincidence that the most deadly country in Latin America for coronavirus has been Ecuador, a once independent country that was basically re-colonized by the US, where right-wing puppet Moreno has imposed brutal IMF neoliberal reforms and austerity, gutting healthcare  …
“If we wait until everything is gone, our economy will be gone also.” My money is on #Coronavirus Task Force member & HUD Sec. Dr. Ben Carson, a brilliant scientist. Not liberal blue state governors trying to tank Trump’s economy.  …
Boris Johnson's govt aren't bothering to count the true death toll from coronavirus. Johnson has form on this. When he published an article on Hillsborough in the Spectator in 2004 (partly blaming Liverpool fans for the 96 deaths) he cited the death toll as 'more than 50'
1st of all they're counting "probable coronavirus cases"? 2ndly...please stop w/the scarfs. It's really annoying. Makes me wonder though...does she keep them rolled up in drawers or hung up on hooks? Hung up in her closet, and arranged how? Color? Pattern? Size? So many ?s 
So many members of my family either have coronavirus or intimately know someone who does Do not let anyone tell you this is not serious No amount of money is worth losing loved ones Stay safe, stay home Love you all
We've lost over 2,400 lives to the coronavirus each of the last 3 days. It's 9/11-level of death each day.  …
There is a difference between someone that died FROM the coronavirus and someone one that died WITH the virus. Both are tragic but we need to know the true numbers.
Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez: "Let’s stay home and bring the numbers down and to protect and save the lives of our relatives, friends, and neighbors. Please abide by the orders and continue to pray for our people." #COVID19 #Coronavirus 
#NJTransit railroad boss, praised by workers and riders, dies from #coronavirus  …  #commuting
I heard no taste is a symptom of the coronavirus...I hope the people who don’t listen to The Driver Era’s music are okay
What did she expect to see? Herds of wilderbeast sweeping majestically ...... BBC News - Coronavirus: The view from my window  …
71% of Alberta’s total #coronavirus cases are in Calgary zone; which is @MichelleRempel constituency. Coincidence? Nah. Clearly the people who elected her are stupid pigs who can't even be trusted to wash their hands properly.  …
Coronavirus fucked up my sex life I wanna fight
Two of the three CDC labs that created coronavirus test kits violated their own manufacturing standards, resulting in the agency sending tests that didn't work to nearly all of the 100 state and local public health labs in the U.S., according to the FDA  …
"There is nothing more ironic than listening to those who want to stay locked inside forever because they believe #coronavirus is going to wipe out millions, refer to those of us who want to go outside, work, and socialize as “tin-foil hats. ZERO self-awareness." ~Candace Owens
146 test positive for coronavirus. Zero have symptoms.  …
Coronavirus infections have peaked in much of the rich world  …
Over 11,000 Personal Protective Equipment Donated to Kaiser Permanente Hospital ( @kpthrive) in Fremont, CA -  #BAPSCharities, #COVID19 #CoronaVirus 
The CDC is also doing a coronavirus study on the USS Teddy Roosevelt. Of the ~700 sailors with coronavirus, 60% show no symptoms.  …
Twitter Is Using Extreme Scare Tactics to Discourage People from Looking at Coronavirus Information  …
The U.S. Navy reported today that 669 of the nearly 5,000 people who worked aboard the USS Theodore Roosevelt have tested positive for the coronavirus.  …
USA: The worst week of #Influenza in the past 8 years was week 3 of 2017-18 which saw an estimated 6,500 deaths. This past week, 18,225 #COVID19 #Coronavirus deaths were reported. Details:  
#Trump's constant lies, boasting, blaming, and other nonsense can't change the facts: We have 25% of the world's #coronavirus deaths & under 5% of the world's population. Even the #MAGA-morons can do that math.
"82 percent of coronavirus inpatients at Boston Medical Center are Black or Hispanic.  during the previous year, 60 percent of patients admitted for any illness were Black or Hispanic."  … via @BostonGlobe
Can you imagine the private sector providing a wage subsidy? Free childcare? Stopping people being evicted from their homes? Hospitalising & looking after people who have the symptoms of coronavirus? Only the government can do these things  … #Insiders
Bill Gates wife Melinda reveals billionaire 'prepared for years' for coronavirus pandemic  …
I woke today with a 103 degree fever, dry cough, and body aches. Coronavirus is no joke. I’ll be fine in a few days. Please take this seriously. Stay home. Don’t get anyone sick.
Just said a prayer to protect and keep all Britons safe from coronavirus and also for the Guardian newspaper to be wiped out
When asked by a reporter about where the #coronavirus tests are, Trump stomps off rather than answering. Because he still doesn’t want the tests to show the increasingly vast numbers of infected Americans on his watch. We will suffer more deaths. Every one of them is on him.
America  back! #Florida is opening beaches. #SouthCarolina opening beaches, retail stores.  … #MAGA #CoronaVirus
"Dear Cabinet Officials: Today’s #coronavirus briefing went from bad to worse. Deeply troubling. Some people are saying it may be time to invoke the #25thAmendment. Thoughts?" - Rep. Hakeem Jeffries
Revoke her india Passport NOW! let her stay in Germany!!! Arundhati Roy claims Modi govt using coronavirus for Muslim genocide  …
No-deal Brexit planning 'undermined preparation for coronavirus pandemic', adviser claims  
The new way to express accounting numbers, EBITDAC. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and Coronavirus. It is tragically, sadly funny. 
This just in: The total number of positive tests for #COVID19 has reached 1,197 for the Navajo Nation. There's been 44 #Coronavirus related deaths on the largest reservation in the United States. @NNPrezNez @NNVPLizer2019
The NEW NORMAL is children will be FORBIDDEN TO HAVE FUN! Los Angeles Mayor orders Venice Skate Park to be filled with sand (likely forever?) in response to the Chinese #Coronavirus #NWO #MartialLaw 
Let's spare some thoughts on Int'l students who generated wealth for the universities in Australia but now feel abandoned, abused, and left on their own means for survival. 'We feel abandoned': international students in Australia facing coronavirus alone  …
Trump Says He’ll End Obama-Era Funding To Chinese Lab That May Have Spawned The Coronavirus - The Daily Caller  …
Airlines bludgeoned by the coronavirus crisis are seeking billions of taxpayers’ money to stave off bankruptcy — What about the “moral hazard” and “creative destruction” all those managers preach for others to apply, but not to themselves?  …
Prince Harry praises Captain Tom Moore and says he is ‘incredibly proud’ of public’s coronavirus response  …
“Several States in Europe have publicly appealed for refugee health professionals to join in national responses to the virus. We fully support such initiatives..." ~ @FilippoGrandi on what refugees doctors and nurses can do for coronavirus response More: 
So glad to see our member #YolandaFisher on ⁦ @AliVelshi⁩ tonite.. she is a #hero in this #Coronavirus Pandemic, feeding kids in Dallas 
Jwala Gutta urged Babita Phogat to take back her statements on the spread of coronavirus in India.  …
Broadway actor Nick Cordero is going to have his leg amputated amid a battle with coronavirus. Cordero’s wife, trainer Amanda Kloots, explained Cordero has been experiencing issues with clotting and getting blood to his toes on his right foot. 
WHO along with China tried to coverup the #coronavirus and how it originated. Disgusting POS's. Hollywood is just as disgusting. This is who Hollywood supports over Americans.
What do you do when you are a Knicks City Dancer and Coronavirus sidelines your job? Go back to working full time as an ICU nurse at Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital.  …
Michael Rubin announced that the #ALLINCHALLENGE raised over $10 million for coronavirus relief efforts in just four days:  
Feb vs Now: Uncle Gordo Chang, US “No. 1 China Expert” since his 2001 book “Coming Collapse of China” on #coronavirus and China 
Michelle Obama Given PBS Show After Democrats Gave Public Broadcaster $75 Million in Coronavirus Relief Bill WTF! Waste of taxpayer money! Not enough money to do what we have to do! And now we have to pay for Big Mike to be on TV! This sucks!  …
Ellen Pompeo left very little 𝙂𝙧𝙚𝙮 area when she slammed TV doctors for spreading controversial opinions during the coronavirus outbreak.  
Iran coronavirus update: Over 31,500 dead and even regime officials are warning of new wave #Iran #coronavirus  …
Tragic: Broadway star Nick Cordero to have leg amputated amid coronavirus battle, wife says.  …
VIDEO: New York-based Nigerian, Ibrahim Garba Ahmed Describes His Near Death Experience With COVID-19 WATCH FULL VIDEO:  #coronavirus #COVID19 #HealthyAtHome #StayHome #lockdown 
Los Angeles fills a Venice Beach skate park with sand amid the coronavirus outbreak 
House Republicans Accuse Democrats Of Exploiting Coronavirus Crisis To Push ‘Extreme’ Immigration Agenda  … via @dailycaller
Coronavirus could kill 300,000 people in Africa this year, says @ECA_OFFICIAL. Earlier, we talked to @WHOAFRO about how African nations can prepare. More via @business:  
Anger is growing in many countries over governments' failure to adequately prepare for coronavirus -- particularly after the long lead time where Asia was fighting it. 
'It's like detective work': how Australia traces coronavirus contacts  …
Gov. Cuomo announced that hospitalizations are down and emergency rooms are less crowded, saying New York could be ‘starting to descend’ after its coronavirus plateau. @KathyParkNBC  …
It's not just public libraries in liberal cities anymore.... ALL OF AMERICA is paying taxpayer dollars for DRAG QUEEN STORY HOUR. Michelle Obama Given PBS Show After Democrats Gave Public Broadcaster $75 Million in Coronavirus Relief Bill  …
Testing for #coronavirus must increase by more than 3X to be able to reopen America, Harvard researchers say. The U.S. needs to conduct at least 500,000 tests for #COVID19 per day. Currently, about 150,000 tests per day  they said.
Indonesia's real coronavirus toll likely 1,000 already, says senior medic  
'We feel abandoned': international students in Australia facing coronavirus alone, by  …
Coronavirus clue? Most cases aboard U.S. aircraft carrier are symptom-free 
The coronavirus' impact on Social Security is now plainly visible  …
I think its about time we say a simple #FuckCorona. Im flipping off everyone infected with Coronavirus . who will join me 
United we beat #COVIDー19, divided we succumb to it. There is only one enemy, and that enemy is the virus. The sooner we defeat #coronavirus the quicker we can get back to trying to beat Ohio State.  …
Trump: US doing better than Europe when  to coronavirus death rates  
What should America do to hold China accountable for the coronavirus?
One month ago, 2700 passengers were allowed to disembark the Ruby Princess – without passport or temperature checks. This boat is responsible for 1/10 coronavirus cases in Australia. Border control is the responsibility of the Federal Government. This has been a big failure. 
"Elderly residents left soiled and unfed after their caregivers fled the premises, 31 deaths in the space of a few weeks: a nursing home in Montreal has  the symbol of the terrible toll coronavirus is taking in Canada's long-term care homes."  …
A portion of the propaganda-like video that President Trump aired at Monday's coronavirus White House briefing was lifted directly from an episode of Fox News host Sean Hannity's show 
Spreading coronavirus in US — Trump supporters in Brookfield, Wisconsin, defend their right to kill Americans infecting them and clogging hospitals 
Coronavirus: Feds accused of taking PPE, ventilator orders from states - Business Insider  … Trump’s involvement in killing his own people is not limited to the passive act of ignoring the warnings. His administration literally stole ppe from states.
The Afghan girls’ robotics team has joined the fight against coronavirus by designing an inexpensive ventilator out of Toyota Corolla parts! 
“Five days later, on Wednesday January 29, the first coronavirus cases on British soil were found when two Chinese nationals from the same family fell ill at a hotel in York. The next day the government raised the threat level from low to moderate.”  …
BUT CORONAVIRUS IS A HOAX ROGER  …
"...but I really believe it could have been billions of people had we not done what we did." Donald Trump, gettin' Orwellian AF 18 April 2020 #TrumpIsGaslightingTheWorld #Coronavirus #COVID19 #TrumpPressConf
UPDATE: U.S. Navy reported on Saturday that 669 of the nearly 5,000 people who worked aboard the USS Theodore Roosevelt have tested positive for the coronavirus. 
Queen Elizabeth II will turn 94 on Tuesday, and for the first time in her nearly seven-decade reign, her birthday will not be marked by a gun salute — another tradition lost to the grim march of the coronavirus 
How to make a DIY face mask for coronavirus 
The United Kingdom pays for trusting China: Spends $20 million buying 2 million faulty Coronavirus ‘home test’ kits  …
ICYMI: President Trump played media clips back at reporters to show the liberal media's hypocrisy in covering the coronavirus outbreak. 
Remember this the next time  coronavirus to the flu.  …
The Sunday Times makes it clear that doctors and scientists knew that the coronavirus threat was real very early on. But the government didn’t listen. why? Even fuckwits like me knew it was real. Here’s a tweet from January 24. 
Anyone on the #Insiders panel know that Singapore is seeing an increase in #coronavirus cases, even though they used a tracking app? They relaxed too early. Would be good to let your viewers know. #auspol
Amazon has started using thermal cameras at its warehouses to speed up screening for feverish workers who could be infected with the coronavirus 
Is the China-Africa ‘all-weather’ relationship in the midst of a Coronavirus storm? Recently the whole world has seen how China abusing Africans in Guangdong, kicking them out of their homes. China is the most racist country in the history. China Virus!  …
A sociopath crying out to be validated, "While we mourn the tragic loss of life, and you can't mourn it any stronger than we're mourning it..." (All the while, never displaying any signs of empathy or grief) Donald Trump Regarding #Coronavirus Pandemic Deaths 18 April 2020
Trump has never appeared more deranged and unfocused. This was supposed to be a briefing about the Coronavirus virus national emergency NOT a public demonstration of Donald Trump’s mental illness. #25thAmendmentNow
The guardians of the global economy came up short in the fight against the coronavirus 
So much for open and transparent government and a functioning democracy #coronavirus #Covid_19 #SardinesUK  …
#Prayer Almighty Father, because I have made the LORD, who is My refuge, Even the Most High, my dwelling place, No evil shall befall me, Nor shall any plague (  near my dwelling place; in #Jesus Name (Psalm 91:9-10) #Amen #Pray #Covid19Prayer
What happened to those who spoke up about coronavirus in China?  via 
Pelosi appoints Rep. Donna Shalala, Clinton's Health secretary, to coronavirus oversight panel  
How tone deaf! Your husband is actively fomenting rebellion in states governed by Democrats, and you want us to play your stupid White House games! As far as testing, the only one the American people desperately need is widely available coronavirus testing - not your silly game.  …
NZ has handled the coronavirus as well as any country on Earth. And look what happened in a school there:  …
A small number of idiots, though, can spread the #coronavirus far and further threaten front-line health care workers.  …
"Humanity will have to live with the threat of #coronavirus 'for the foreseeable future' & adapt accordingly because there is no guarantee that a vaccine can be successfully developed, one of the world’s leading experts on the disease has warned"  …
In this time of coronavirus, we need to disucss the link between metabolic ill health and impaired immunity. I'm told that many of the online links to my fully referenced lecture are being deleted. This censorship could cost lives. Anyone want to science?  …
#Florida to release LIST of NURSING HOMES with coronavirus infections after #DeSantis was sued by #MiamiHerald “The state’s refusal to release the names of the facilities had drawn a public records challenge from a coalition of news organizations”  …
Family Matters...especially when #coronavirus lockdown means precious, rare time together and kissing your children goodnight. Every night. My story with @Joeingles7 and @RenaeIngles in today’s Sunday @theheraldsun.  
. @realDonaldTrump has DELIVERED: Over 700,000 U.S. coronavirus cases Nearly 40,000 American DEATHS from COVID-19 States in bidding wars against each other for critical supplies 17.8 MILLION TONS of PPE to other countries Daily “briefings” of sad lies and meltdowns  …
SuperM - with you part 1 Performance #TogetherAtHome #SuperM #GlobalCitizen #coronavirus #COVID19 
NEW: Prince Harry’s praise for the “utterly amazing” @captaintommoore as Harry urges UK military veterans to volunteer for @NHSuk to fight #coronavirus  …
Let's see what they can do with it. "Sea turtles are thriving as coronavirus lockdown empties Florida beaches"  …
Michelle Obama Given PBS Show After Democrats Gave Public Broadcaster $75 Million in Coronavirus Relief Bill  … @gatewaypundit Pelosi Must Have Owed Big Michelle A Favor! Make No Mistake Democrats Daily Screw American Tax Payers! Corrupt Pay-For-play!
Coronavirus: Will Covid-19 speed up the use of robots to replace human workers? 
Roger Stone to Tucker Carlson: With coronavirus, my jail time is "essentially a death sentence"  
Coronavirus Mutations: ~2 mutations per month ~29K nucleotides to pick Mutations that functionally change virus will be naturally selected against (weeded out) Vaccinate population, mutations that functionally change virus will be selected for, but it’s a slow process 
Two of the three CDC labs that created coronavirus test kits violated their own manufacturing standards, resulting in the agency sending tests that didn't work to nearly all of the 100 state and local public health labs in the U.S., according to the FDA 
Experts warn coronavirus could devastate the countries that lack healthcare equipment and infrastructure 
Where dozens of coffins once stood in the church in Bergamo that served as an overspill morgue at the height of Italy's #coronavirus epidemic, nothing but flowers were left to be seen  
“We Orthodox Christians should not lose heart or despair in these difficult circumstances, let alone panic." Orthodox priests in much of Europe have held Easter services in churches empty of parishoners because of coronavirus restrictions. 
Sen. Cruz: U.S. Government Funded Wuhan ‘Coronavirus’ Research | The Daily Wire  …
listen coronavirus murdered my CPM let's calm down 
Coronavirus 'immunity passports' plan is doomed to fail after only 10 per cent of Italians have developed antibodies 
PAY ATTENTION, AMERICA Coronavirus Testing Needs to Triple Before the US Can Reopen, Experts Say  …?
Broadway actor Nick Cordero will have his right leg amputated as a result of  his wife Amanda Kloots says. 
New Yorkers will now be able to get marriage licenses online and wed via video during the #coronavirus crisis 
Hospitals scramble for dialysis machines amid surge in coronavirus patients with kidney failure: report  
When a married couple and four others from South Carolina went to a funeral last month, no one expected them to get the novel coronavirus from a fellow mourner. Weeks later, they were dead. 
CNN keeps cutting away from Trump’s daily Coronavirus briefings —- . . . To be fair, nobody is at the airport watching CNN anyway
Germany may rein in coronavirus debt if economy improves: finance minister  
THIS happened in Toronto yesterday. THIS is why we are #PhysicalDistancing. THIS is why CANNOT let up yet. READ THIS THREAD #cdnpoli #COVIDCanada #coronavirus  …
If your hours have been cut or you lost your job due to the coronavirus, you could be eligible for unemployment benefits—which have been expanded by the CARES Act.  …
New coronavirus outbreak in North Dakota: 110 people associated with a wind turbine manufacturing plant in Grand Forks have tested positive  …
Florida to release list of nursing homes with coronavirus infections after Republican Ron DeSantis was sued by Miami Herald 
UPDATE: The busiest week of the coronavirus outbreak ends with good news for Fresno County. The Dept. of Public Health reports only four new coronavirus cases today for a total of 315. 85 people have recovered and seven have died. The number of *active* cases fell today to 223.
We need a bold, actionable plan that prepares us for a post-coronavirus economy, keeps  safe, and ensures a crisis like this never happens again—not the hopes and wishes of someone who continually ignores his own public health experts.  …
I'm starting to think coronavirus is ripping us out, finally, of the 20th century. But which century it will land us back in --- that's up to us.
Trump's Mar-a-Lago furloughs all 153 'non-essential' employees during coronavirus pandemic  … via @usatoday
Bill Gates says it will take 18 months to develop coronavirus vaccine I do not trust this man or his motives. 
CNN: 38,000 people in the United States have died from coronavirus.
Maharashtra: Mango business has been severely affected due to countrywide lockdown, in wake of #Coronavirus outbreak. A trader in Nashik says," #COVID19 has damaged mango business this year. Buyers are  to the market. We are facing 
Why did Donald Trump “deliver” #PPE to China in February while he minimized the threat of #Coronavirus to the American people?? #TrumpLiesAmericansDie
The crash of the $8.5 billion global trade in cut flowers shows how quickly and distinctively the new coronavirus is disrupting supply chains  via @BW
Iran partially reopens capital as coronavirus deaths hit one-month low  
Trump’s assault on IGs dismantles the ability to root out waste, fraud & abuse. It's a disservice to American families who need honesty & accountability during the #Coronavirus pandemic. @RepKatiePorter & @oversightdems will continue aggressive oversight measures 
A new Biden ad that will run in battleground states like Wisconsin and Florida focuses on Trump's praise of China early in the coronavirus crisis.  … via @HuffPostPol
White people in the enclaves surrounding Milwaukee see the Coronavirus as a black disease. Hence the Confederate flags.  …
 | Coronavirus: 24 employees at Boksburg Dis-Chem branch test positive for Covid-19  …
Trump bragged about the coronavirus gun surge. Reality is, Trump has responded to COVID19 by increasing access to firearms. Trump’s DHS deemed gun stores “essential” & ATF allowed gun stores to offer curbside pick-up. 6/
Carnival’s cruise ship executives knew earlier than most just how bad the coronavirus problem was. They kept the party going as long as possible  via @BW
listening to SKY’s press preview ( i know I shouldn’t) and tonight we had the thoughts of  Iraqi born Rachel Shabi and friend of Lab She said that Coronavirus patients were being killed, note not dying but being killed. Where does politics stop and humanity begin!
Ohio Gov Mike DeWine on NPR: "When we're dealing with a coronavirus & we're trying to save lives, we're trying to get our economy moving again, to fixate on 2 or 3 tweets by the president of the United States doesn't make any sense to me, quite candidly"  …
Reusing my prev tweet: “The coronavirus has now killed more people in the US than the flu did in the 2018-2019 flu season. It takes the flu 6 months to do it. It took coronavirus 6 weeks. This is WITH social distancing measures.” #COVIDIOT #COVID #CoronavirusUSA 
Intermediate-high Risk Pulmonary Embolism in a COVID-19 patient presenting in the coronavirus epicenter. Single session Catheter directed thrombectomy. PA pressures How are others approaching PE management during the pandemic? @jameshorowitzmd @akhileshsistaMD 
make no mistake that the catastrophic response to the coronavirus crisis cannot *just* be pinned on boris johnson. the sunday times report makes clear that the failure to prepare adequately is also a consequence of conservative ideology and years of austerity
Anybody want to make a pool on when it is reported that Alex Jones has Coronavirus?  …
United States Congress: Nancy Pelosi Must Resign After Rejecting Coronavirus Relief Bill - Sign the Petition!  via @Change
President Erdogan has been the major force in ensuring that we meet the healthcare needs of our people. Due to his leadership on this issue, we have universal healthcare coverage in Turkey. Our government has not charged our people for any testing or treatment of the coronavirus.
Our government has been investing in the healthcare sector for years to improve our capacity. These investments have been paying off in our fight against the coronavirus. While hospitals in some countries have run out of capacity, our hospitals continue to have excess capacity.
#CoronaVirus Latest: • Global cases surpass 2.2M; more than 150k deaths. • Over 560k patients are reported to have recovered. • Daily deaths in Italy drop below 500. • The U.S. and Canada extend border closure. • Pentagon extends travel ban for all troops to June 30th.
Bill Maher criticized media coverage of the coronavirus by stating that "nonstop gloom and doom...gives Trump the chance to play the optimist. 
if a person has a low level of the virus it doesn’t show up on the test. But those are the exact people who need to be tested and quarantined early. The Rapid Coronavirus Test That Trump Hyped Produces False Negatives  … via @politicususa
Whenever I watch the Coronavirus press conference on tv I get anxiety. What a - - - - show. Disgusting!!
#coronavirus shutdown insanity!  …
'We feel abandoned': international students in Australia facing coronavirus alone  … This is disgraceful. These students formed a substantial portion of our pre virus economy, most can't go home and the Government just cuts them adrift.
I don't know how @RealDonaldTrump and the @GOP managed to politicize not wanting to die a preventable death from #Coronavirus, but they found a way.
. @GOPChairwoman: Democrats use coronavirus as excuse to try eliminating safeguards against election fraud  …
NEW: Rhode Island is the only state in the country now doing enough coronavirus tests a day to safely reopen the economy, per  @HealthyBrown dean @ashishkjha and his colleagues (h/t @LC_briang for catching  …
 increasingly clear that the political left and their media outlets see a continued policy and political benefit to keeping Americans on lockdown. @RealDonaldTrump should intervene to protect the Republic from the unnecessary #coronavirus shutdown -- in EVERY state.  …
The Attorney General of Michigan says the President should spend less time thinking about liberating Michigan from his perceived enemies there and more time thinking about liberating us from the Coronavirus 
ICYMI - EXCLUSIVE: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops New Bombshell — Bill Gates’ Coronavirus Vaccine Will Pay Out BILLIONS in Profits to Dr. Fauci’s Agency 
With China holding 1.+ trillion dollars of our Treasury bonds, what is our response to them. Thinking back to Nazi invasions of WW2 isn’t the coronavirus as devastating???  …
I have been saying this about #CHINA and the #CCP's aspirations FOREVER. #XiJinping keeps his eye on the prize. He's not above using a global pandemic for military advancement. #auspol #taiwan #covid_19 #coronavirus  …
His aim is to inspire and teach people of all ages, faiths and abilities techniques to stay fit during the coronavirus pandemic and he's urged others to post similar videos. 
Kamala Harris has introduced a bill that would provide states $5 bil for coronavirus-related voting reforms ahead of the election. "This is about making sure that in our country, no one should have to decide about their right to vote versus their health."  …
#Coronavirus #COVID19 #Mexicoc - A cleaning workers wearing personal protective equipment (PPE) disinfect a bus terminal in Coatepec, Veracruz state, on the coast of the Gulf of Mexico. #AFP Hector 
Native American Tribes Sue U.S. Treasury to Stop Coronavirus Relief from Going to Corporations - 
Our dear friends, Amanda & Nick and their baby boy, Elvis, need help as they fight like hell against Coronavirus. It’s an absolute horror what they’re going through.  …
Medal of Honor recipient, and Green Beret Bennie Adkins, known for Vietnam heroics, dies of coronavirus Adkins is credited with killing 135 to 175 Vietnamese in a nearly four-day battle while being wounded 18 times and helping fellow soldiers to safety.  …
NYC cabbies are picking up and dropping off free meals to city residents left without food by coronavirus. The arrangement, with the cabbies collecting $15 an hour, also benefits the drivers who are without many fares on the city’s vacant streets. 
After collapse of the "models," the new phantom goalposts for ending draconian shutdown oppression is "testing." Public  and their leashed, fearful governors are making it up as they go along. @RealDonaldTrump must act to reopen the nation now. #Coronavirus  …
Amid rebukes over secrecy, Florida prison system begins to reveal ravages of coronavirus  …
Perhaps when Boris Johnson was channelling Nietzsche in his “Superman Theory of Coronavirus” speech on 3 February you, @Peston, or others, could have challenged him—rather than continuing to parrot the latest from “unnamed sources”   …
How did Britain get its response to coronavirus so wrong? This is a brilliant long read from my Observer colleagues @tobyhelm @_EmmaGH &  …
"Does anybody really believe this?" At press conference, President @realDonaldTrump slams China, Iran coronavirus stats  …
My favorite conspiracy theorists are the ones who say this Coronavirus is a biological weapon while at the same time insisting that we NOT stay home... 
SHOCKER: China Now Admits Coronavirus Death Toll In Wuhan Was 50% Higher Than Reported  …
Tony Blair government has still at this point in time, killed more people than the coronavirus.  …
Just a small example of the racism our people are experiencing, people want to shoot us, blow us up and wipe us out with the coronavirus 
Santa Monica City Manager Rick Cole resigns, citing divisions over coronavirus budget cuts  …
HAPPENING NOW: State Dept FOIA office is also shut down due to #coronavirus. We were told to wait indefinitely now on all our requests for #Spygate abuses of @RealDonaldTrump and Biden scandal docs! So Biden, conveniently, will be protected from any Ukraine-Burisma  …
"Does anybody really believe this?" At press conference, Trump slams China, Iran coronavirus stats  …
'We feel abandoned': international students in Australia facing coronavirus alone  …
Australia coronavirus live: fresh privacy concerns raised over contact-tracing app – latest updates  …
He believed people who pooh-poohed #COVID19. “He watched Fox, and believed it was under control,’’ his daughter said. Now he's dead.  … @GiniaNYT h/t @reneeygraham #coronavirus
Failing to impeach Trump in February — after the first coronavirus case had been confirmed in the US — put him in a position to seriously endanger the health and safety of the American people during a pandemic. 
Many of those now advocating an early lifting of the lock are the same as the people who said #coronavirus was nothing to worry about in the first place.
6 out of 10 members of Tablighi Jamaat which was sent from Punjab to Sukkur got Coronavirus positive . 
Trump Claims He Might’ve Saved Billions of People from Getting Coronavirus During Pointless Press Briefing  …
If Trump wasn't elected, the coronavirus deaths in the US would be at least 90-95% fewer. Oh, and kids wouldn't be in cages and we would not have abandoned the Kurds
Small businesses that rushed in vain to tap $349 billion in emergency U.S. loans to survive the coronavirus crisis are facing a harsh reality: Some of the nation’s top banks lagged behind relatively tiny rivals in handling applications 
My uncle who is 76 is in a nursing home. He contracted the Coronavirus about 14 days ago. He was given the hydroxychloroquine cocktail mix and it saved his life. They had to monitor his heart during it but he is cured today. Thank you @realDonaldTrump
BREAKING: Coronavirus Outbreak. US back up to 32,165 yesterday, today now 27,055, 20% test positive Ohio jumped: yesterday 693, today now 1115 South Dakota meat packing plant 777 cases  … North Dakota wind power plant 110 so far  
“Coronavirus is the virus family. Covid-19 is the disease. The actual virus is SARS-CoV-2” 
Supplies of #N95masks, used by medics to protect against #coronavirus, are running short. Now the inventor is looking for a way to sterilize these single-use masks so they can be reused. @Donna_Rachel_  …
We are well prepared for coronavirus -Boris Johnson March 2 We will get through this in good shape -Boris Johnson March 3 Said the PM who 'skipped' five Cobra emergency meetings on the pandemic -Devastating  …
Random thought... blood banks should offer free testing for #coronavirus antibodies when you make a donation. It would be a win-win. They get much needed blood for their supply and you get to find out if you have antibodies. #COVID
Spreading coronavirus in U.S. — Trump supporters rally in Austin, Texas, against #StayAtHome orders Willing murderers of 
There is nothing more ironic than listening to those who want to stay locked inside forever because they believe #coronavirus is going to wipe out millions, refer to those of us who want to go outside, work, and socialize as “tin-foil hats”. ZERO self-awareness.
NHS staff fighting coronavirus war are 'suicidal and afraid to hug their kids' This is not on, we must do all we can to protect those who care for us. #NHSheroes #Coronavirus  …
- Every Western institution was unprepared for the coronavirus pandemic. This monumental failure of institutional effectiveness will reverberate for the rest of the decade, but it’s not too early to ask why, and what we need to do about it.  …
POLL: 2 in 3 Americans say @realDoanldTrump failed America in response to #coronavirus.  … #TrumpPandemic #TrumpVirus #FailureInChief
We wanted to join others by tapping our hockey sticks to say thanks to health care workers who are on the front lines all over Canada! @ChevroletCanada @HkyNightPunjabi @MuhammadLila @PunjabiHKYGirl #coronavirus 
It's highly likely that #China will use the #coronavirus-induced economic crisis to go on a buying spree. The #USA #UK & other #European governments must restrict the purchasing of  as this would be a major threat to our  …
Wow, this is heartbreaking. The Tor Project has laid off one-third of its staff because of coronavirus.  
When @NiallOfficial cancels his concert bc of #coronavirus and ur daughter is devastated, u bring @NiallOfficial to you! Happy 14th bday Tessa Grace, this was an awesome 
(This is about certain sections of the media, and others, piling on the pressure for the UK government to timetable an end to Coronavirus lockdown. The Gov saying that they don't know when it will end is literally the most responsible thing they have done thus far. Stop moaning.)
Coronavirus life cycle painting is a disaster with light RNA strands! Ugh--no contrast at all. I tried changing the ER/DMV to green, and that didn't help much. Going to paint all the RNA with a darker color and see if that fixes the problem. 
There is nothing humanitarian about these sickos/psychos. Highly  reading the  from around the world at @BillGates @melindagates @gatesfoundation #BilluminatiGates #CCPVIRUS #WHO #Covid19 #CoronaVirus #WuhanVirus  …
Ravers: I’m so excited for festival season! Coronavirus: 
Robert wrote an article on the 12th March which had the headline “Herd Immunity will be vital to stopping coronavirus”. Now, on the 18th April, he is ‘literally gobsmacked’. This isn’t funny, though. It’s dangerous.  …
3/ "The gentleman doth protest too much, methinks." (apologies to Shakespeare and to gentleman) END #BodyLanguageExpert #BodyLanguage #Coronavirus #COVID19 #MaggieHaberman
Protesters in Huntington Beach, Calif., demanded Gov. Gavin Newsom open up the state's economy and ease restrictions meant to stem the spread of the novel coronavirus. Read more:  
Reported US coronavirus cases: 6 weeks ago: 332 cases 5 weeks ago: 2,204 cases 4 weeks ago: 18,763 cases 3 weeks ago: 101,242 cases 2 weeks ago: 277,953 cases 1 week ago: 501,301 cases Right now: 701,131 cases
2/ When the central forehead is raised, especially with the eyelids opened widely, along with a partial/pseudo mouth smile, it's a nonverbal cluster that's profoundly indicative of deception. #BodyLanguageExpert #BodyLanguage #Coronavirus #COVID19 #MaggieHaberman
1/ THREAD: Donald Trump spends an inordinate amount of time trying to convince us he doesn't know/associate with @maggieNYT while Trump uses this expression. #BodyLanguageExpert #BodyLanguage #Coronavirus #COVID19 
"Up your nose, and then we hang a right, and it goes down here, and then we'll wiggle it under your eye and then we'll pull it out." President Trump demonstrates a preliminary coronavirus test. 
Four million residents in North and East #Syria still have almost no capacity to test for or treat #Coronavirus, despite pleas and urgent calls for help to the #WHO, the #UN, and other international bodies.  …
Meat plants in the U.S., honed over decades for maximum efficiency and profit, have  major hot spots for the coronavirus pandemic 
#Egypt's Giza Pyramids illuminated in purple sending thank you message for medical staff and an instruction to 'stay home' to stop the spread of the #coronavirus and message to tourists to 'experience Egypt soon' #COVID-19 #ThisisEgypt #StayHome 
Trump’s White House boasts that more than 3 million coronavirus tests have been conducted. That's barely 1% of the population three months into a crisis, That's not an achievement, it's a scandal.  …
Spotted among the “reopen” crowds: coronavirus.
This is quite a read & should put a stop to the idea that no one should be questioning the UK Govt’s #Coronavirus strategy or discussing how an #exitstrategy could work. Parliament returning next week not a moment too  …
Why does the US, with 4% of the world's population, have 25% of the deaths from Coronavirus. It's almost like someone fucked up.
We've invited readers to draw maps of their worlds in the time of coronavirus. Already, more than 160 of you have responded to our call with an incredible range of interpretative maps. See a selection of the maps that we’ve received so far:  
Easy to apply #scientificmethod to @SanDiegoCounty #ProtestLockdown 1) Mark date 2) Note current #COVID reports 3) In the next 7-14 days: Note change in #SanDiego #coronavirus tests, hospital admits, ICU patients & deaths esp in "White" category, currently lowest/100K 4) Report 
4 workers died from coronavirus at a Tyson Foods poultry plant  
We still don’t have enough PPE We still don’t have enough testing 3,700 Americans died *yesterday* Only ~1-2% of us have been infected so far The curves are flattening, but a downward trend is not inevitable WHY THE FUCK ARE WE OPENING? #Coronavirus #COVID19 #MedTwitter
I have to admit, these coronavirus briefings are very entertaining. They tried to be smart asses at the beginning,Trump being Trump chewed them up & spit them out. F-fwd today & you see the difference, ask a serious question, get a serious answer. Ask bullshit he’ll embarrass you
Germany's coronavirus cases rise by 3,609 Testing Alone Does Not Work ! Tell UK’s Idiot Journalists To Stop Going On About Testing All The Time! 
Robert Peston is gobsmacked the person who wanted to build a garden on a bridge and spent three hour lunches on ‘tech startups’ absolutely bolloxed the handling of the coronavirus.  …
Pennsylvania has  the ninth state to reach 1,000 coronavirus deaths, following New York, New Jersey, Michigan, Louisiana, Massachusetts, Illinois, Connecticut and California.
“As U.S. factories in Mexico remain open amid coronavirus outbreak, workers are dying”  …
We can use the new normal created by the #coronavirus to shine a light on the gender imbalance in housework and childcare, and bring greater fairness to our partnerships. @eve_rodsky via  …
REMINDER - 15 November 2018 "Brexit news: @MattHancock refuses to rule out deaths from medicine shortages if UK crashes out of EU with no-deal" 23 Jan 2020 - Hancock stated: "NHS is well prepared to protect UK from China coronavirus"  …
Coronavirus update, Africa: - South Africa: 251 new cases - Ghana: 193 new cases - Egypt: 188 new cases - Morocco: 121 new cases - Algeria: 116 new cases - Ivory Coast: 113 new cases - Nigeria: 49 new cases - Mali: 45 new cases - Sudan: 33 new cases - Kenya: 16 new cases
It’s creepy how CNN absolutely LOVES to say that Coronavirus is “disproportionately affecting people of color.” They almost sound excited about it. Worldwide, Europeans are most severely affected. Men are more severely affected than women. CNN doesn’t mention that.
Thousands of Syrians are returning to their heavily-damaged homes in Idlib to avoid the risk of a possible coronavirus outbreak in the displacement camps. 
Businesses may press to lift coronavirus restrictions too early, and Trump has millions of reasons to listen to them. 
Just wondering... How many Coronavirus victims need to be saved by hydroxychloroquine before @FoxNews stops calling it an “unproven treatment” for coronavirus? @JonScottFNC
CORONAVIRUS: A charity in Venice is delivering food by gondola to elderly people or families who cannot shop for themselves. The deliveries have been organized by "Row Venice," a nonprofit organization dedicated to preserving the traditional Venetian rowing style. (AFP) 
The #Coronavirus death prediction has dropped AGAIN. This time by 12%. Despite the protesting, Florida beaches re-opening, and despite the fact that some states (like South Dakota) never shut down at all... BUT IT’S 10x MORE DEADLY THAN THE FLU, BRO!  …
Seeking to avoid a second wave of coronavirus infections, states join forces in deciding how to ease stay-at-home orders. By 
As a sponsor of @GlblCtzn’s One World: #TogetherAtHome broadcast, we’re donating to the United Nations Foundation’s COVID-19 Solidarity Response Fund. This is part of our $10 million pledge toward coronavirus relief efforts. Learn more:  
The son of a retired New York State investigator hopes the experimental treatment of convalescent plasma will help his father, who has been in the hospital for more than two weeks battling the coronavirus. 
TUNE IN LIVE: Rep. Mike Levin Virtual Town Hall on the #Coronavirus. Email townhallquestions@Mikelevin.org  …
Trump, his impulse control further degrading, confesses/projects his collaboration with Russia, "... the crime  by the other side. The crime was  by this side, the crime  by the other side, a bunch of — bad people." #Coronavirus #COVID19
There was no special hospital for #COVID19 in Mira Bhayandar so it was decided by district administration&doctors to set up facilities for Coronavirus patients in the hospital. We've set up 20 ICU beds within 13-14 days: Dr. Ajay Sankhe, Pandit Bhimsen Joshi hospital 
Some struggle to breathe. Others don’t feel unwell at all. A spectrum of strikingly different symptoms is among the coronavirus’s enigmas. 
Trump's Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs diverted coronavirus relief funds to go to Alaska corporations instead of the tribes they were allocated for. Why? Well she used to be a top executive for the corporations.  …
A fever, dry cough, and shortness of breath are hallmark signs COVID-19, the illness caused by the new coronavirus. But early research suggests that  symptom may be often overlooked: gastrointestinal issues.  
Gates Foundation calls for global solidarity to vaccinate seven billion people from coronavirus 
Up  coronavirus hot spot  …
The UK will be forced to pay for the EU’s coronavirus response should the Transition Period be extended. This cannot happen.  …
We were unprepared for the coronavirus pandemic, despite many prior warnings. It's not too early to ask why, and what we need to do about it. There is only one way to create the future we want.  …
Human rights sources have identified more prisoners killed by security forces in Ahvaz prison riots over fears of contracting the coronavirus. #Iran #coronavirus  …
How did Britain get its response to coronavirus so wrong?  … fascinating
I will be surprised if Nana  to address us tomorrow and says he has ended the lockdown. U.S has now recorded the highest death rate of coronavirus cases in the world But some Ghanaians say they want to go and work they’re tired of 3 weeks lockdown kai
South Carolina to reopen public beaches, retail stores next week amid coronavirus pandemic  
All the badges, clapping and catchphrases about protecting our NHS can’t undo the fact that the government’s failure to act earlier has cost 1000’s of lives..fact Coronavirus: 38 days when Britain sleepwalked into disaster | News | The Sunday Times  …
Former Indy 500 Rookie of the Year Bob Lazier dies at 81  … via @racermag Bob Lazier, lost to the coronavirus.
It will be interesting to see whether China, by mistake or "KNOWINGLY," let the Coronavirus spread. #Consequences for 
Coronavirus Cases Summary in Nigeria as of April 18, 2020 
I'll get the latest on the coronavirus cases and deaths in New York City when I speak live with @NYCMayor Bill de Blasio during our special @CNNSitRoom tonight 7-10PM ET. I'll also get his reaction to what we just heard from President @realDonaldTrump
The Coronavirus is bringing out the WORST in some, and the best in others. Proof of that is that Motel 6 is opening its doors to the Homeless. And having been Homeless at 14, there is nothing like a safe room, and the chance for a hot shower to make you feel human again. 
Throughout March, even as business and manufacturing slowed to a halt across much of the world in an effort to contain the new coronavirus, work in foreign-owned factories in northern Mexico carried on as usual.  …
Stop with the BS. How many times do we have to replay Trump’s tweets and statements praising China’s handling of the #coronavirus?  …
Special shout out to members of the fourth estate who have reinvented themselves and are now coronavirus social darwinists (or CSD’s) l hope to god no one you know or love or someone elderly in your families  ill because you will have to face your own punishing reality.
Dr Strange Mf viewed 14 million futures and didn't think it would be a good idea to tell us about coronavirus. 
Nick Fury Type of boss that makes  into work during coronavirus even though you aren't a key worker. 
Coronavirus Nigeria outbreak: March 22: 26 Cases 0 Death March 27: 70 cases 1 Death April 1: 174 cases 2 Deaths April 5: 232 cases 5 Deaths April 10: 305 cases 7 Deaths April 15: 407 cases 12 Deaths April 18: 542 Cases 19 Deaths
The Coronavirus Pres Briefing devolved into a rant about Iran, China, North Korea, and how tough the President has been on Russia before he limps away from the podium 
"The bump in coronavirus cases is most pronounced in states without stay at home orders." Iowa saw an 82% bump in cases this past week. 
Kano is now third on the Coronavirus Table Nigeria. Firmly behind lagos and Abuja 5 days ago, Kano was nowhere near the top of the table. Within a week, Kano moved from 0 cases to 37 cases. I hope the leaders are watching closely and someone is warning them severely to act now.
Your tax dollars at work.... At work for the Obamas that is... Michelle Obama Given PBS Show After Democrats Gave Public Broadcaster $75 Million in Coronavirus Relief Bill #MAGA  …
Texans Chant "Let us Work!" and "Fire Fauci!" at Coronavirus Lockdown Protest at State Capitol (VIDEOS)  … via @gatewaypundit
CoronaVirus cases and deaths are now “ probable, “ per Debra Birx. This is UNACCEPTABLE! I don’t wanna hear any more numbers. This is all a SCAM! If the White House is questioning whether China and Iran have accurate numbers, then how hard is it to falsify data in New York?
. @JoeBiden Jan 29: “The possibility of a pandemic is a challenge Donald Trump is unqualified to handle as president. .. The outbreak of a new coronavirus .. will get worse before it gets better.” @realDonaldTrump Mar 25: “Nobody could have ever seen something like 
If you missed today's WH #coronavirus briefing 
Reads like a par from 2022 public inquiry findings: "But it took just an hour that January 24 lunchtime to brush aside the coronavirus threat. @MattHancock, the health secretary, breezily told reporters the risk to the UK public was 'low'."
All revealed in The Sunday Times investigation into the government's disastrous handling of the #Coronavirus #COVID  …
Its funny how those who kept crying about holding China accountable for Coronavirus and punishing them have gone very silent now on hold Boris and the Tories accountable for and punishing them for what has been exposed in the Sunday Times and many other papers on PPE etc
Certainly feeling informed  re coronavirus. . #TrumpRally
Please don’t feel bad about feeling sad. It’s okay. The majority of the world is feeling the same as you. You are not alone. @allontheboard #MentalHealth #YouMatter #MentalHealthMatters #Covid_19 #CoronaVirus #YouAreNotAlone 
He doesn’t want politics in this? Then why is he going on and on and on about Biden? How does that help us fight the coronavirus?  …
Fauci was a leader of this initiative at the SAME TIME he authorized dangerous "gain of function" research on CoronaVirus (illegal in US), moved this research to Wuhan, and approved at $3.7mil budget for it. Evidence here  …
Can Donald Trump convince the MAGA nuts that his failing F grade in the coronavirus handling is really a sharpied A?
Bottom line on this is that Trump circumvented putting an independent inspector general in place to insure there was accountability for fraud, waste or abuse in Coronavirus relief efforts, with an assist from the GOP who turned a blind eye turned to what that inevitably meant.  …
Women are essential & undervalued. Women of color have always worked & have always had the largest #paygap  to white men.  : “How Millions of Women Became the Most Essential Workers in America” #coronavirus  …
Knicks dancer moves from MSG to coronavirus frontlines  
Some public health experts warned that the country still lacks adequate testing to track and contain potential coronavirus outbreaks. 
A Democratic super PAC has launched a $15 million ad campaign criticizing Trump for initially praising China's handling of the coronavirus crisis and donating U.S. personal protective equipment to China, in a move to counter pro-Trump ads.  …
Two yrs before the coronavirus pandemic US Embassy officials visited Chinese lab in Wuhan and sent two official warnings back to Washington about inadequate safety at the lab, which was conducting risky studies on coronaviruses from bats. Trump ignored.  …
End the #coronavirus crisis, before the 'cure' kills our economy. " @RealDonaldTrump should push back on governors resisting efforts to reopen the economy and who continue to suppress Americans’ constitutional  …
This is just a punch bowl full of all of Trump's lies and smears. There isn't any coronavirus news. We've got North Korea, smears on Pelosi, Maggie Haberman, John Kerry, Joe Biden, praise for Putin, praise for the Saudi King, lies about China tariffs. Crazy salad.
At coronavirus briefing, Trump going on extended riff on North Korea, including attacks on “sleepy” Joe Biden, Obama and John Kerry  …
“They’re signing documents to take your Second Amendment rights away essentially,” Donald Trump continues to lie about gun safety laws in Virginia. The five new gun laws passed during Virginia’s legislative session are not related to the coronavirus and do not undo gun rights.
190 groups demand race-based coronavirus data collection. The groups include the @AllianceON, @AboriginalLegal, @BlackHealthAll, @FoodShareTO and the Toronto Overdose Prevention Society. It's time for a health equity approach to the 
Gaslighting turned up to 11. Coronavirus claims 37,000 Americans.
Spain's PM to ask for extension of coronavirus lockdown to May 9  
Trump calls the Air Force Academy ceremony procedure of standing 10 feet apart, "very politically correct", rather than "medically sound" or "at  social distancing", etc. Trump is politicizing and belittling sound medical advice. #Coronavirus #COVID19 #TrumpPressConf
This stadium has a capacity of 39,000. This is how many people have died so far in the USA due to COVID-19. This entire stadium. #COVID #coviddeaths #COVIDIOTS #coronavirus #CoronavirusUSA #coronavirusdeaths #grief 
CNN anchor Don Lemon and  Van Jones will host the "The Color of Covid," an hour-long special on the unique challenges black and  are facing during the coronavirus crisis. 
A Trauma-Informed Approach to Teaching Through Coronavirus via  …
Training for servers during Coronavirus. 
Trump lies during press conference: “They want to take your guns away ... your Second Amendment. They’re using this to try and take your guns away. If people in Virginia aren’t careful...” The new gun laws the Governor signed last week had nothing to do with the coronavirus.
Trump is trying to start a Civil War in Virginia over the 2nd amendment during a Pandemic because he still doesn’t have Coronavirus tests available. If people die in protests, it’s 100% on him.
Rejoice. Keir Starmer has criticised the government’s coronavirus response. Writing in the Mail on Sunday.
Trump again tries to blame Obama for America's coronavirus failures as death toll mounts  …
not far off 500k deaths”. Ministers knew by 2nd week of February the gravity of what confronted us. So I am literally gobsmacked by the @thesundaytimes disclosure that the PM was not prioritising the looming Coronavirus catastrophe till March.  …
Dr Birx says she has faith in Ron DeSantis's handling of the coronavirus 
The President keeps saying the state of Virginia is trying to take guns away - but I'm not sure there's any relation between the Governor's gun control policies and the Coronavirus.
U.S. #coronavirus update As of 4/18, 6:00 pm ET: 735,052 #COVID19 confirmed cases Of the 106,262 cases with an  67,418 (63%) discharged 38,844 (39%) confirmed deaths (in 48 days) Case Fatality Rate (CFR) remains at 5.3% President God has smited 
NEW: Nigeria reports 49 new cases of coronavirus and 2 new deaths. A total of 542 cases and 19 deaths.
Trump is using a White House coronavirus presser to foment violence and insurrection against state governors.
trump Calls NEW Campaign Rallies”The Daily Coronavirus Briefing.”From Behind a Podium he Yells,Bullies,Threatens,Casts Blame,Is Incoherent,Tries 2 Act Presidential,& Wants Pity. NOW, In Time of Crisis,Chaos,Fear,&,He Supports Civil Disobedience. ps.ALL OF WANTS 2 WORK 
A tragic overview of where things have gone wrong with Government’s handling of the coronavirus crisis: much of it pinned on austerity and Boris Johnson’s leadership. (££)  …
Birx pleads ignorance on coronavirus spread in Jacksonville metro, when asked about beaches opening up there.
NCAI is extremely disappointed and disturbed by the release of sensitive information that tribal governments and other entities submitted to the @USTreasury related to #CARESAct #Coronavirus Relief Funds. Read full statement here:  …
Apart from the fact that our so called leaders have refused to lead by example, ignorance amongst the citizens is also a major problem. I recently encountered someone who swore with his life that there's nothing like coronavirus, the government is just using it to siphon money.
Nobel winning scientist who co-discovered HIV claims novel Coronavirus was made in Wuhan's lab  … @ElContador2000 @KTHopkins @mitchellvii @redmagakag @OnAngelWings @Kalimeralynn @y_PenDraig @mssassysally @LittleDi70 @GaynorBoughey1 @Janewhitt5 @SueWhitaker11
More evidence that the Scottish Govt is preparing to diverge from the '4 nations lockstep' demands of the UK Govt and its adherents. Our media will have to pick a side. Coronavirus-colonialism versus saving lives.  …
While the US is stealing protective equipment from its own "allies," China is helping the world fight the coronavirus pandemic. Here Argentina is thanking the People's Republic of China for sending medical goods  …
President @realDonaldTrump is the Best President to tackle #coronavirus. When the Governors needed help, he sent equipments immediately! His aggressive approach is slowing the spread of the virus. 
#coronavirus Goodluck 
22 million American citizens lost their jobs due to the #coronavirus shutdown in less than a month. Small businesses are now unable to secure emergency loans. California's priority? Giving $125,000,000 to illegal immigrants. 
Who hasn’t tuned in for One World: #TogetherAtHome yet? We'll be performing very soon! Join us, @GlblCtzn & @WHO for the historic moment of unity to support COVID-19 healthcare workers! #SuperM #GlobalCitizen #coronavirus #COVID19 
"The coronavirus is a wake-up call for racial inequality. It’s time to change the system," writes Rep. Lauren Underwood 
I want a public inquiry & investigation into #BorisJohnson Govt handling of #coronavirus. Sign @march_change petition below to hold Govt to account. Plus read #sundaytimes re Boris missing 5 cobra meetings  …
Brazilian President Bolsonaro greeted a few dozen supporters protesting quarantines in Brasilia today. He told them that 70% of the country was going to get sick sooner or later so everyone should just get back to work. #coronavirus #covid19 
Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump are on the White House teams fighting coronavirus. Yet Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump flouted health guidelines and spent passover at making a promotional appearance at Trump's Bedminster golf club. We're investigating.  …
Prince Harry Applauds Parents Caring for Their Children During the Coronavirus 
These 13 stats show how much coronavirus has changed airlines, hotels and others in a matter of weeks 
Gun-grabbing politicians are attempting to sneak massively-problematic gun control into the next coronavirus stimulus bill, under the deceptively-named “Violence Against Women Act.” Don’t be fooled, take a STAND against opportunistic gun control at  
The current U.S. Coronavirus death rate is a Benghazi every two minutes. I just cannot seem to recall any Congressional Republicans downplaying deaths back then, can you?
SMITH: Coronavirus Or Not, Homeschooling Is A Great Option For Our Children  …
This couple didn't let the coronavirus pandemic stand in the way of their big day, tying the knot in a ceremony with guests watching from a safe distance—with many honking and cheering from their cars.  
A drive-through coronavirus testing facility is to open at Twickenham to increase testing for NHS and other key workers.
#Coronavirus #COVID19 #Colombia - Residents hang red rags on their houses as a distress signal to receive government aid amid the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak at the Comuna 13 neighborhood in Medellin. @joakosarmiento 
Another Smithfield Food plant has been struck by the coronavirus. The Health Department in Bladen County, N.C., confirmed that another Smithfield Foods processing plant reported one or more positive cases of the novel coronavirus.  …
I don't think that in their hearts the Cabinet and Number 10 advisors think tackling coronavirus will be their defining moment. They hope it will go away soon so they can do other things to be remembered by. That's provides a useful explanation to many of their actions.
Trump is asking why the media is not pointing out China's ridiculous coronavirus case numbers ... Some of us did, a few days ago.  …
Me walking into an ICU where they’re treating a bunch of dinguses who contracted coronavirus at a social distancing protest 
China’s dictatorship admits 50% more died in Wuhan but denies any cover-up—Authorities admit “mistakes”, not to have lied about the true extent of China’s coronavirus outbreak, amid mounting international calls for an investigation into their culpability  …
NEW: For 7th day in a row, Russia reports record number of new coronavirus cases.
Full story of how Victoria Beckham is using @rishisunak's furlough scheme, and therefore taxpayers' money, to pay 30 staff during the #coronavirus pandemic - despite her and husband David having  fortune of £335 million  …
Trump attacks the media for not reporting what he thinks are the correct number of coronavirus deaths in China, even though his own government health agencies are citing the same number. 
Things are bad when my chums at the Sunday Times accuse me of skipping 5 cobra meetings, ignoring calls to order PPE and ventilators, being a work-shy buffoon and causing thousands of extra deaths. #covid19 #coronavirus  …
New Jersey currently has the highest positive rate of all states — about half of its 157,000 coronavirus tests  back positive. That suggests that many of the people in the state who have the coronavirus have not been tested.  
US has released this graph on Coronavirus deaths per 100k population. Look at China’s blatantly bent data. Total disinformation. 
Donald Trump — Zero Empathy, all Psychopathy. #Coronavirus #COVID19
Coronavirus: 38 days when Britain sleepwalked into disaster  …
Amidst death and suffering, Trump wants you to know that he is 'honored" by the stock market. Trump, "...and I'm honored by the fact that it has started to go up very substantially." #Coronavirus #COVID19
L.A. County reports 81 new coronavirus deaths, highest one-day total by far and 'very sad milestone'  …
BREAKING: Nigeria records 19 deaths as coronavirus cases hit 542  
Coronavirus Prediction Models of the US 
How in the fucking fuck of fucks is this fucking psychotic fucktard the fucking president of the fucking United States?? What...the...fuck?? Unfuckingbeliavable... #Trump #Coronavirus #Covid19
Today the UK Coronavirus death toll passed 15,000. This wasn't inevitable. Germany has a bigger population than the UK but has had 10,000 fewer deaths. Too many failures - including inadequate testing and insufficient levels of PPE - have unnecessarily cost lives.
A shortage of test kits and technical flaws in the U.S. significantly delayed widespread coronavirus testing. This is how testing has increased since the beginning of March — and how far it still needs to go, according to the Harvard estimates.  
SMH! Was Birx actually annoyed at President @realDonaldTrump's interruption of her to mock China's preposterous Wuhan coronavirus death rate? Astonishing! She works for him & us.
"Does anybody really believe this?" says Pres Trump, about chart on Coronavirus mortality rates that show Iran and China with very low numbers. 
Time to amplify our voices and ensure essential dialysis supplies, staff and equipment are included in all #COVID19 surge planning to save lives An Overlooked, Possibly Fatal Coronavirus Crisis: A Dire Need for Kidney Dialysis  …
First, the numbers: 146,000 — that's how many people on average were tested for the coronavirus each day in the U.S. this month, according to the COVID Tracking Project. 500,000 to 700,000 — that's how many daily tests are needed to reopen by mid-May, the Harvard estimates say.
Floridians return to beaches as state begins to loosen coronavirus restrictions. Gov. Ron DeSantis gave the green light for local leaders to reopen parts of the coast despite concerns over the continuing coronavirus outbreak. @NBCNews #FL #Coronavirus  
Another Smithfield Food plant has been struck by the coronavirus. Let me be clear. This is a direct function of all of those pesky "regulations" that fat Donnie was so intent on rolling back.  …
So the country where this all started claims this? Really? Why can’t China be honest about this pandemic? See below (this was the chart Dr. Birx showed at the coronavirus briefing...) 
"We saw more bags [i.e. bodybags] on television than that" -- Trump interrupts Birx to question the number of coronavirus deaths reported by a number of countries (his implication is that the US hasn't really been hit as hard relatively speaking as the numbers indicate) 
Coronavirus continues to dominate headlines, dramatically impacting daily life for people everywhere. So my good friends, Ty and Charlene Bollinger, decided to put it all together in a 77-page “field guide" as their free gift! 
Spain's coronavirus deaths surpass 20,000 as it mulls extending confinement  
Michelle Obama Given PBS Show After Democrats Gave Public Broadcaster $75 Million in Coronavirus Relief Bill PBS also produced disgusting Pro-China propaganda on taxpayer dimes.  …
NEW: Russia reports 4,785 new cases of coronavirus, 36,793 cases in total. Russia's largest daily increase by far.
The U.S. isn't doing nearly enough coronavirus testing to safely reopen, new estimates by Harvard University researchers suggest — in fact, it will take 3 times as much testing over the next month. Here's why — and a look at which states are most behind. 
Trump, Feb. 28: "The press is in hysteria mode" over coronavirus. Trump April 13: "The media minimized the risk from the start." Here we go again.  …
"Does anybody really believe this number?" -- Trump interrupts Dr Birx's presentation to dispute the figure of China coronavirus deaths she cited 
Germany’s largest paper tells China's President #Jinping: ”You're endangering the world. You [Jinping], your government and your scientists had to know long ago that coronavirus is highly infectious, but you left the world in the dark about it."  …
#NEW: President Trump blames the Obama administration for the lack of coronavirus medical supplies/equipment: “We started off with a broken system.” 
Mr. President ( @realDonaldTrump), are you aware that CDC has recently introduced new guidelines on reporting Coronavirus deaths, which essentially encourage doctors to artificially increase the #COVID19 death toll and bias the National Vital Statistics System? It's 
In sum: Airbnb is letting landlords run 28-person airbnb’s during the apex of coronavirus in @CityofSunnyvale Airbnb is not letting sick people get refunds if they do not want to infect other renters What part of @HealthySCC’s #StayHome order does @Airbnb not  …
Sheriff threatened to jail teen's family if she did not delete Instagram posts about coronavirus, lawsuit says 
This is damning Coronavirus: 38 days when Britain sleepwalked into disaster  …
RIP to Abba Kyari, and to all folks that lost their lives to the coronavirus pandemic. What l saw at Abba’s funeral today is outrageous and could proliferate coronavirus cases. The Nigerian government doesn't follow what they preach to folks. Follow me & I bet to follow back.
Spreading coronavirus in UK—38 days of sleepwalking into disaster •Johnson skipped 5 crisis meetings •Scientists’ warnings and calls to order protective gear were ignored Read the criminal record of UK govt  … Behind paywall, but you can read this thread  …
U.S. factories in Mexico are still open. As the coronavirus spreads, workers are dying  …
Rachel McAdams Calls Her 2-Year-Old Son a  Distraction' amid Coronavirus Pandemic 
March 10: “This was unexpected.” March 16: "This came up—it came up so suddenly" March 24: “Nobody ever expected a thing like this.” As it became clear coronavirus wasn’t going away, Trump has tried to say it was an unexpected event. But it was expected 
US: Hundreds protest against coronavirus stay-at-home orders  …
Roger Stone to Tucker Carlson: With coronavirus, my jail time is "essentially a death sentence"  
As early as 3 February, Boris Johnson had decided 66 million Brits could take it on the chin. It appears he'd decided that keeping the economy open and maintaining the ability to trade freely was more important than protecting us from coronavirus (@23')  …
FLASHBACK To March 3: Bill De Blasio Asks New Yorkers To Ignore Coronavirus And Get On With Their Lives - Conservative Daily News #DemocratsHateAmerica #DemocratsHateSmallBusiness #DemocratsTheEnemyWithin #DemocratsLiedAndSmallBusinessDied  …
Trump repeated that pre- #Coronavirus the U.S. had the strongest economy in world history, and the stock market rally proves it's still strong and that he's doing a great job. The economy was weak before the virus and the market is rising because the Fed is doing a horrible job.
Democrat Senators treated our VP Mike Pence ‘’so Rude and Nasty,” according to our great President, on a phone call yesterday when our VP was giving the Democrat Senators good news on the fight against the Coronavirus. These Democrat Senators should be ashamed of themselves!
LIVE: President Donald Trump and White House Coronavirus Task Force Dail...  via @YouTube 
Those who have fully recovered from the coronavirus may be able to help patients fighting the virus by donating the convalescent plasma. 
The lost month: President Trump says he took "strong action" in February to stop the coronavirus. Here’s the full picture.  
The latest rounds of violence in eastern parts of the DRC is displacing thousands of people. But it can have even more dire consequences: providing a barrier in a new fight against the deadly coronavirus. 
Where’s the NDP opposition? Nowhere to be found! The Ontario NDP has been the worst opposition in Ontario history. No idea what to do? You see what @RachelNotley is doing in Alberta? Do that! #onpoli #cdnpoli #COVID19 #Coronavirus  …
It isn’t just that we have to survive the coronavirus. We also have to survive the morons. One of these votes.
One month ago today, 2700 passengers were allowed to disembark the #RubyPrincess – without temperature checks and without passport checks. This one boat is now responsible for one in ten coronavirus cases in Australia. @ScottMorrisonMP didn’t stop the one boat that 
In the middle of the coronavirus press conference, Donald Trump just confirmed that his new Chief of Staff, Mark Meadows, has indeed cried in meetings at the White House.
It is hard not to reflect that the US and the UK needed a serious, hard-working professional at the head of government when coronavirus struck; and that, sadly, both had elected jokers instead.
Trump called a last minute coronavirus briefing on a Saturday. Right now he's having a very long freak-out about how Maggie Haberman reported that Mark Meadows cried.
The president continues to use large parts of his briefing on the coronavirus pandemic to air grievances instead of discuss the coronavirus pandemic.
As Trump careens into a rambling and dishonest attack on a top reporter, MSNBC cut away because no news was being disseminated. “We were told he was going to brief about the current state of the coronavirus crisis, but clearly he is on a political tear,” @mitchellreports says.
. @JoeBiden, @SpeakerPelosi, @SenSchumer and other Democratic leaders should hold DAILY press briefings, joined by medical doctors and infectious disease experts. It's critical that they share the latest ideas on battling the coronavirus pandemic and SAFELY reopening our economy.
I THINK THE CORONA IS FUCKING FAKE
This is an appalling use of time. The whine-a-thon is clocking in at 4 lies and 5 whines per minute. None of this has anything to do with the coronavirus, and it's all to deflect from the HORRIBLE job he's done.
The guy who started the birther movement with a tweet about "extremely credible sources" is now railing against phony sources. At a coronavirus press briefing. This is a campaign rally.
Official #Coronavirus death toll in the US: 38,000. Since we know CDC and hospitals are padding the numbers—3,000 fake cases added in one day in NY alone—the real number is probably closer to 25,000. Let’s make decisions based on truth, not exaggeration
Love this so much: Dr. Abed Zahalka, an Arab ICU doctor at a hospital in Bnei Brak, Israel, brings a Torah scroll wrapped in a tallit (prayer shawl) into the coronavirus ward for the use of Orthodox Jewish patients. 
By this time next year, Republicans will be blaming EVERY coronavirus death on Joe Biden.
I’m not certain, but I’m having a hard time seeing what much of this briefing has to do with the Coronavirus.
NEW: "U.S. produced dramatically better health  than any other country with the possible exception of Germany." - President Trump on coronavirus.
Something about this protest doesn’t feel it was about the coronavirus pandemic at all 
President Trump calls on New York Times WH correspondent Maggie Haberman to give back her Pulitzer Prize awarded for Russia reporting during coronavirus task force briefing.
Trump coronavirus update: Trump is on a 5-minute long rant about how terrible @maggieNYT is for reporting that Mark Meadows cried.
An appalling indictment of   & laziness. And little has changed #EnoughIsEnough #Covid_19 #coronavirus Coronavirus: 38 days when Britain sleepwalked into disaster | News | The Sunday Times  …
Trump bragging about the stock market reaching 24,000 while US deaths from Coronavirus near 40,000 is pretty awful 
“CoronaVirus is a Chinese bio weapon and we should stop taking protective measures and let it kill us all.” - MAGA Conspiracy Theorists
President @realDonaldTrump: #Coronavirus “could have been stopped in China.” 
We can't leave transition & continue to fight coronavirus at the same time. 'The training to prepare key workers for a pandemic had been put on hold for two years while contingency planning was diverted to deal with a possible no-deal Brexit.'  …
Trump: "We're only talking about a few weeks since everybody knew this was such a big problem." "Everybody" is vague, but it is very much untrue that it wasn't widely known until late March that the coronavirus was a big problem.
Lots and lots of grievances being aired right now by the president at the coronavirus briefing.
WARNING: Do NOT listen to anything the @realDonaldTrump says about #coronavirus, or anything else.
Joe Biden's rhetoric on the coronavirus has been full of lies. The Washington Post Fact Checker documented 4 cases of Biden falsely claiming he called for a specific action sooner than he actually did.  …
I went on @allinwithchris last night to discuss Congress’ response to coronavirus and my #PaycheckGuaranteeAct - which is the best way to prevent mass 
We’ve been criticised @channel4news for asking tough questions and taking a “negative” line; read this - Coronavirus: 38 days when Britain sleepwalked into disaster  …
President Trump explains the first Coronavirus  to the newer one. 
Following the treatment and discharge of the second index case in our treatment centre, I am very delighted to announce that there is presently no single case of the presence of coronavirus in our State. #Covid_19 #Broadcast
Trump has been bragging about doing  speech at West Point for several minutes now. Which is several minutes longer than he's expressed a single word of condolences for the 40,000+ Americans who have died from coronavirus.
I think Trump is trying to call ignoring early signs of Coronavirus, an estimated 60,000 plus deaths, and encouraging people to go outside while there is no cure for COVID-19 a success. What a dumbass
Seashells piled up on the beaches of the Outer Banks in North Carolina as a ban on visitors due to the coronavirus pandemic left no one to collect them.  
A medical doctor at University College Hospital Ibadan tested positive for Coronavirus today. Contact tracing for everyone the doctor has attended to and seen is currently ongoing.
Throughout March, even as business slowed to a halt across much of the world, work in foreign-owned factories in Mexico carried on as usual. At one US-owned plant, 13 workers have died from the coronavirus. Here's my story w/ @WendyFry_ and  …
Trump is scapegoating hospitals, labs, and physicians claiming he/the Federal government provided testing equipment that " they don't even know how to use". Don't let Trump gaslight you. #Coronavirus #COVID19 #TrumpPressConf
Andre Ljuljovic played offensive and defensive line at Archbishop Stepinac High School, in White Plains, NY. Friends from his childhood neighborhood in Yonkers, NY remember him as a voice of reason. Read more about the lives of those lost to coronavirus:  
Texas protesters chant ‘fire Fauci’ while claiming coronavirus vaccine is ‘Mark of the Beast’  …
Trump is sounding nuttier than usual #coronavirus 
When you snort so much Adderall your brain tells you it’s a good idea to try using voices and ‘act outs’ at your Coronavirus briefing. @realDonaldTrump
announcement: i might go for a walk outside one week from today. (in summary: I’m Thinkin I’m Back. (more clearly: i felt better this week. it has been seven days since i had any coronavirus symptoms.))
Rihanna has been vocal in the fight against coronavirus. 
Strictly to air new three-part special from star's homes amid coronavirus  
UAE announces $5,500 fine for coronavirus fake news  …
Got #coronavirus symptoms? Get tested It is free. Call now. More info:  
Absolutely horrendous, we must do more to protect those who care for us all, they are all doing so much in the fight against #Coronavirus  …
Rural Fluvanna County, in #VA5, has a Coronavirus outbreak, centered around a nursing home. Anyone in a rural county who thinks this virus has nothing to do with them is mistaken. We're all in danger from COVID-19, & we're all benefiting from the Governor's stay-at-home order.
Facebook and other platforms insisted that they didn’t want to be “arbiters of truth.” The coronavirus changed their mind overnight, @evelyndouek 
This Alabama father surprised his daughter with a "prom" at home after hers was canceled due to coronavirus  
Biden once again with a fantastic ad. This might be the best one yet. Retweet now! #TrumpVirus #TrumpBriefing #Coronavirus 
President @realDonaldTrump is taking steps to protect high risk Hispanic & African  from #Coronavirus 
Somebody, PLEASE get him out of there! This is not a coronavirus status update briefing. It's more ravings from a lunatic! 
O M G Michelle Obama Given PBS Show After Democrats Gave Public Broadcaster $75 Million in Coronavirus Relief Bill  …
Who’s intel do you trust the most regarding Coronavirus?
This is a damning account of the Government's handling of the Coronavirus pandemic. In the words of a Department of Health insider: "We could have been Germany but instead we were doomed by our  our hubris and our austerity.” This is worth reading  …
Coronavirus Testing Needs to Triple Before the U.S. Can Reopen, Experts Say  …
Oh hey, Imperial College London (yes, the same Imperial College London that put out the doom & gloom coronavirus model that led to lockdowns throughout the world) has a financial conflict of interest when  to vaccines. Because of course they do.  …
Trump just said that he thinks Coronavirus has passed its peak. This is the graph of active cases. Notice the direction at the right. There is a 100% probability that Trump is wrong. 
Did I hear this right? Trump is blaming the Obama admin for not having coronavirus testing. It is 2020. Covid19 emerged in 2019. Obama has been out of office since Jan 2017. There is only one person to blame - Trump. Scapegoating Obama won't change facts. Or the calendar.
Saturday's briefing brought to you by Trump's Greatest Hits,  about broken system, touting that the federal government has done everything perfectly ("We didn't miss a trick")  about the test. News? Not so much. #coronavirus
chat noir: m'lady lb: hi ch: we're already safe against coronavirus lb: why?? ch: they say to everyone wear masks, and... we wear mask all the time lb: ITS NOT THIS TYPE OF MASK
The reason there was no coronavirus test when Obama was president was because COVID-19 didn't EXIST then! 
Growing evidence suggests #COVID19 can spread before people show symptoms (pre-symptomatic) & from people who have #coronavirus but never show symptoms (asymptomatic). Cloth face coverings help prevent spread of COVID-19 in these situations. See Q&A:  
NHS staff fighting coronavirus war are 'suicidal and afraid to hug their kids'  
This is how Democrat slush funds work. Michelle Obama Given PBS Show After Democrats Gave Public Broadcaster $75 Million in Coronavirus Relief Bill  … via @gatewaypundit
Okay I want everyone to dance rightnow before we sleep Coronavirus can’t sieze our fundamentals human rice BY JUNE DE3 is a banger @sarkodie @gyaigyimii @SarkNativesGH @kobby_kyei @adwoa_brucelee1 @iamowusuaa @thenanaaba #LockdownHouseParty #LockDownRadio 
Coronavirus proves one thing about football recruiting..... all that other stuff is fugazy
Watch @WhiteHouse's broadcast: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force  …
I can’t believe how  so many people are in America... I’m terrified that many many more people are going to die of Coronavirus.  …
Spain has so far reported almost 185,000 #coronavirus cases, but this picturesque town is yet to report a single case. Here's why  …
It's stunning. Roughly 3 percent of Nebraska's population resides in Hall County. Yet in the past 8 days, it has contributed 51 percent of all new NE coronavirus cases -- 319 of 622.
Once adjusted to a per capita basis, the US ranks 44th worldwide in coronavirus testing.  …
China Tries (and Fails) to Get Wisconsin to Pass Law Praising Beijing on Coronavirus WTF!! Wow China really needs to keep out of other Countries business!!  …
Trump on testing: "I inherited broken junk." There was no inherited test for the novel coronavirus.
Kano debunks rumour of BUK VC testing positive for coronavirus  
DISINFORMATION ALERT: Today Trump is spreading the dangerous disinformation that new daily coronavirus infections in the U.S. "peaked" on April 4. The truth: the U.S. is on Day 18 of a new-infections *plateau* where *each day* sees 26,000 to 34,000 new infections. Please RETWEET.
WHO warns there is 'no evidence' that antibody tests show coronavirus survivors are immune 
The novel coronavirus, a respiratory illness, is damaging kidneys at an unexpectedly high rate, according to experts. A shortage of dialysis materials has forced New York doctors to directly lobby corporate executives for help. 
President Trump on number of Coronavirus Cases and Deaths: “China is number one by a lot, it’s not even close.” 
REMINDER: The coronavirus gives precisely zero fucks what Donald Trump says.
BREAKING NEWS: Banjo & Kazooie tests positive for Coronavirus 
Sir Malcolm Rifkind, former UK Foreign Secretary talking about the arrests on BBC. "The timing is not coincidental, they are doing it now because they believe that we will be distracted by coronavirus... Every govt that believes in rule of law must put out a strong protest." 
Trump  that he inherited a broken testing system from Obama, who was president several years before coronavirus existed.
Twitter knew about coronavirus in December and im supposed to give the big wigs a break for not being prepared
America has done more than 4 million CoronaVirus tests, more than double any other nation.
why we testing coronavirus vaccines on animals and not the ppl outside protesting coronavirus shutdowns
Anti-anxiety, anti-depression meds skyrocket during coronavirus outbreak  …
"I thought you said Coronavirus was a hoax???" Trump: 
This is a state with a GOP governor but for some reason they are angry at Dr Fauci. Why? Bc these are just pro-Trump rallies masquerading as something else: Trump Supporters Chant 'Fire Fauci!' at Coronavirus Lockdown Protest in Texas 
Italy's daily coronavirus death toll lowest since April 12  
Ayawaso West people dey enjoy this Coronavirus lockdown pass everyone in Ghana. John Dumelo dey share wey Madam Seyram too dey share. Ayawaso West election go jorm ruff 
The director of the Wuhan virology lab at the center of conspiracy theories denies rumors and says that manufacturing a coronavirus is not humanly possible. See his interview with CGTN. #coronavirus 
South Dakota Gov. Kristi Noem hits back at critics of her coronavirus response: 'I believe in our freedoms and liberties' 
Coronavirus hit mostly blue states first. It made Trump’s base even more  & vulnerable. Propaganda is flowing & he will cannibalize them to re-open early. It’s a good bet his supporters will now die at 2 to 1 ratio over ppl who follow safety & social distancing
Trump attacks media for reporting stats indicating US has more coronavirus deaths than China: "China's number 1. Just so you understand. China is number 1 by a lot. They are way ahead of us in terms of death. It is not even close. You know it, I know it, they know it." 
Another disturbing change to CDC Guidelines: A new Coronavirus death code has been introduced to the National Vital Statistics System encouraging doctors to list #COVID19 as a cause of death while ASSURING them that over-counting will NOT be investigated:  
Trump on coronavirus deaths: "We're not number one, China is number one. China is number one by a lot. It's not even close. They are way ahead of us in terms of deaths. You know it. I know it. They know it. But you don't want to report it. Why? You'll have to explain that."
Influential coronavirus model reduces Florida's projected deaths by over 70%  …
Sorry, Trump. It is not "fake news" that there are over 700k coronavirus cases in this country and close to 38k deaths. Trying to explain how we're doing better than other countries with these numbers is sociopathic. And blaming Democrats is delusional. #TrumpOwnsEveryDeath
Yes, many of the protesters in Annapolis are wearing masks. It's not ironic. It's responsible. We can protect ourselves and others from coronavirus while getting back to work.
The US has the most coronavirus deaths in the world, but Trump begins the April 18 #TrumpPressConf by claiming America "has produced better health  than any other country, with the possible exception of 
President Trump dismisses China’s official coronavirus death toll: “China is way ahead of us in deaths. You know it, and I know it.”
Grenada condemns sanctions against Venezuela and Cuba. Foreign Minister Peter David thanks Cuba, Venezuela and China for supporting the global fight against the coronavirus. 
For decades, “The Quilt” has honored those we lost during the AIDS crisis. Now its rough edges are being transformed into masks  the spread of the coronavirus.  …
Trump on global coronavirus cases and deaths: "We're not number one, China is number one...You know, I know it, everybody knows it, but you won't report it."
#Trump’s Rapid Coronavirus Test Produces False Negatives It works if people have a high or moderate level of the virus If a person has a low level of the virus it doesn’t show up Those are the exact people who need to be testing and quarantined  …
Are you watching the White House Coronavirus Task Force briefing?
Chinese firm copies Gilead's remdesivir, the most promising drug against the new coronavirus | FiercePharma  …
We continue to see positive signs that the #coronavirus "has passed its peak," according to 
BBC News - Coronavirus cases to be tracked by ethnicity  …. Good to see this finally taken seriously. We hope @CNagpaul and @PHE_uk have public health ethicists and researchers in health&social inequalities, intersectionality on their teams.
UK Coronavirus Response has been a failure of its entire political class. The basic functions of our democracy were put on hold. Scrutiny, especially, was scaled down out of some knee jerk desire to appear statesmanlike. It has resulted in 1000s of unnecessary deaths.
Watch @WhiteHouse's broadcast: LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force  …
Why do some infected people get incredibly ill from coronavirus, while others have no symptoms at all? The answer could be in our genes 
#HappeningNow on #OANN: President Trump and members of the coronavirus task force hold a press briefing at the White House. Tune in now for live, uninterrupted coverage!
Live now! Watch members of the Coronavirus Task Force hold a press briefing.  …
The Rapid Coronavirus Test That Trump Hyped Produces False Negatives  …
Voice of the Sunday People: There is a terrifying mental health crisis brewing on coronavirus frontline  …
coronavirus gave crackheads the invincibility glitch 
#auspol AMERICANS SUE MURDOCH: Washington state group sues Fox News and Rupert Murdoch over its "deceptive" coronavirus coverage  …
People with disabilities are among the most vulnerable groups. Challenges in accessing food, medication & hygiene products are further heightened by a health crisis such as #COVID19. Leaving no one behind is integral to achieving the #GlobalGoals. #2030Agenda #Coronavirus 
Very best wishes to @tony4rochdale and all who are suffering with #coronavirus.  …
Technion researchers create rapid home testing kit for coronavirus  …
Coronavirus: Forced to take unpaid leave, salary cut in UAE? 
#listentotheexpert How is the GeneXpert being used to test for the coronavirus? Professor Koleka Mlisana, chairperson of the Covid-19 MAC laboratory  tells us more. 
No one: My dad every 5 minutes: So how many Coronavirus deaths have there been today?
Turkey's coronavirus cases overtake Iran, highest in Middle East  
Awaiting today’s Coronavirus Task Force briefing. Please tune in to @OANN for live, uninterrupted coverage! 
Biden is right to ignore Trump’s tantrums — And Focus on his  The untold story of how the Trump Administration botched the Coronavirus pandemic. 
“Sweden seems suddenly like the last open society,” says @CatoInstitute senior fellow @johanknorberg, who lives in Sweden, which has chosen to avoid a lockdown in the face of the coronavirus. WATCH THE FULL VIDEO:  Join the conversation with 
It took just an hour on January 24 lunchtime to brush aside the coronavirus threat. Matt Hancock bounced out of Whitehall after chairing the meeting and breezily told reporters the risk to the UK public was “low”.  …
A 6-year-old girl had a heartbreaking reaction when she was reunited with her mother—a health care worker at a clinic treating coronavirus patients—after staying with her grandparents for the month to eliminate the risk of contamination 
These press conferences always start late. Just like Trump’s response to the coronavirus.
NHS staff fighting coronavirus war are 'suicidal and afraid to hug their kids'  
WATCH: Speaker Nancy Pelosi discusses the challenges of making Congress work amid the pandemic, the future of the post office, the next coronavirus rescue bill, and more. 
A detailed timeline of the COVID-19 outbreak including key dates tied to China's coronavirus censorship and the WHO's support of misleading information.  …
Someone has said NBS TV has caused our spirits and joy shine beyond the fears conditioned by coronavirus... We surely need these parties to move us through these turbulent times. Museveni yongezayo lockdown please has sorted us even your posho & beans byesigalize #NBSSNL
LIVE NOW: Trump holds his daily coronavirus briefing, and we’re fact-checking live. The U.S., which has more than 718,000 confirmed COVID-19 cases, currently accounts for 31% of all global cases.  …
‘Donald Trump is in no position to dictate terms, not at home, not abroad, certainly not to India.’ — Watch this Indian news outlet skewer Trump’s coronavirus failures and tantrums 
Facebook has a new emoji for the coronavirus crisis. 
#BREAKING - Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis says Florida K-12 schools to stay closed for remainder of school year amid #coronavirus pandemic  …
This is the best & most accessible medical article I’ve read on how the new coronavirus attacks the body. 1,000 new papers are being published each week. The emerging picture is that this virus doesn’t just damage the lungs but can damage many other organs  …
Joe Biden says "people are frightened" during the coronavirus pandemic. "They're looking for leadership ... what bothers me so much is the president of the United States doesn't take responsibility." 
Coronavirus may have started spreading as early as September and it may not have originated in Wuhan, say Cambridge researchers 
#BorisResign Boris Johnsons poor handling of the #Coronavirus and sheer neglect  to light Tonight all 4 nations of the UK need to unite and call for the resignation of Boris Johnson. This goes beyond political loyalty. It is the correct course of action to take
She's really gunning for that "death" part. I think these coronavirus enthusiasts should be low priority for medical treatment when they get sick, they are making a deliberate choice.
As of Friday, Taiwan, with its population of around 24 million people, had detected only 395 cases of coronavirus and just six deaths. Its relative success battling the virus has allowed professional sports to be played, albeit with some adaptations. 
Coronavirus lockdown may cause the country to run out of beer, soda, and other carbonated beverages  
A new lawsuit takes aim at politicians making unconstitutional lock down orders. Attorney who is suing the Michigan Governor @Barnes_Law joins the show to talk about the lawsuit and government overreach in the age of Coronavirus, tonight. #FoxNews 8PM 
Are you having trouble sleeping during the coronavirus crisis? A sleep doctor who works with Olympic athletes may be able to help.  
#Coronavirus #COVID19 #Japan - Tokyo night scenes during state of emergency. #AFP Philip Fong More pictures on AFPForum:  
You screwed up the headline - Coronavirus: Labour activist unable to worry 'sobbing' daughter 'without lying' about PPE for political purposes.  …
China Tries to Get Wisconsin to Pass Law Praising Beijing on Coronavirus  … via @BreitbartNews. You have got to be kidding me! F China!
Completely unhinged conspiracists who work for NBC News and MSNBC continue to hallucinate THE KREMLIN under every rock, including even domestic protests regarding coronavirus lockdowns. This is INFOWAR-level madness but broadcast by our major news networks:  …
An average of 146K people per day have been tested for #coronavirus so far this month per @COVID19Tracking. To reopen the US by mid-May, the number of daily tests performed between now and then should be 500-700K, according to the @Harvard  …
Let this be a warning to my fellow NEW YORKERS We CANNOT allow these lefties to steal our lives We take to the streets if this happens, who’s with me Gov. Cuomo urged to shut down NYC subways to stop coronavirus spread  … via @nypmetro
US: Hundreds protest against coronavirus stay-at-home orders  
1) Researchers @citizenlab found evidence that the Chinese government began censoring public discussion about the coronavirus as early as late December.  …
I can’t wait for the coronavirus inquiry report to not be released.  …
WATCH OUR NEW AD: “Trump praised the Chinese 15 times in January and February as the coronavirus spread across the world...[he] left our country unprepared and unprotected for the worst public health and economic crisis of our lifetime.” 
I texted the last man I had sex with - not to flirt but to remind him he dismissed coronavirus as “hype”
“Thank you, Donald Trump, for doing all you can to help us win this fight.” -coronavirus
The GOP has  a death cult #coronavirus  …
Pakistan: Head of Faisalabad Tablighi Jamaat dies of coronavirus, over 1100 members infected - Ignorance leads to end.."' #Allah wont help you "" get well soon . otherwise Rest in #Jaaahila_nant @ImranKhanPTI @fawadchaudhry
Due to excessive blood clotting in his leg, broadway star Nick Cordero will have his leg amputated while being hospitalized with coronavirus.  …
“These businesses are the backbone  across this country, and they are integral to the vibrancy of the Indigenous economy and the Canadian economy,” #cdnpoli Canada to spend $306M on Indigenous businesses struggling amid coronavirus pandemic  …
So lemme get this correct: Coronavirus is a hoax, and other countries, The Vatican, NBA, MLB, and MLS are  to the lie?
My honest opinion on these idiots protesting while my husband is preparing the States refrigerated body truck fleet. #MichiganProtest #coronavirus 
#Coronavirus Watch in Mideast, April 18:  --Turkey  hardest-hit country in Mideast; --Iran's confirmed cases surpass 80,000; --Israel's total cases climb to 13,265; --Egypt and Sudan see biggest single-day rise of confirmed 
#BREAKING More than 10,000 hotel and motel rooms secured for California's homeless amid coronavirus pandemic, Gov. Newsom says  …
White House Coronavirus Task Force Briefing – 5:00pm ET Livestream…  
Members of the Coronavirus Task Force Hold a Press Briefing  via @YouTube
JUST IN: South Carolina to reopen public beaches, retail stores next week amid coronavirus pandemic  
I hope @ChrisCuomo & @CristinaCuomo get better soon. But so disappointing to see them use their platforms to push of evidence-free nonsense (homeopathy?). We need science (doesn't @cnn say "facts first"?). #COVID19 #coronavirus Please stop adding to the chaotic information. 
White House gives coronavirus updates as more protests cropped up this week over restrictions due to the virus.   …
Ted, Trump knew about  to America, did nothing, then lied to us, and now is responsible for thousands of needless deaths. You have now joined him in being responsible for those deaths.  …
#BorisJohnson took 2 holidays Boris missed 5 Cobra meetings Boris shipped 279,000 items of PPE out of the country Boris didn't chair meetings Boris liked his country breaks Boris didn't work weekends. #WhereIsBoris #coronavirus #coronavirusUK #covid19 
Next up—watch today's Coronavirus Task Force briefing LIVE:  
Alex Jones joins protest against coronavirus lockdown orders as crowds chant ‘Fire Fauci’  …
Swansea healthcare assistant has died after being treated for coronavirus  …
IT'S TIME TO OPEN AMERICA BACK UP WHERE IT MAKES SENSEHundreds of people demonstrated Saturday in cities across America against coronavirus-related stay-at-home rules. #COVID19 #coronavirus  …
CCP is getting impatient, trying to add more suppression on us when everyone were busy  #Coronavirus. HKHRDA could be a way to hit China! 
Donald Trump and his administration can create all the fake Coronavirus response ad's they want. I got the real one's! 
North Korean authorities confirm there ARE coronavirus cases in the country  
Coronavirus Testing Needs to Triple Before the U.S. Can Reopen, Experts Say  …
Many changes driven by the coronavirus will persist after it, and indeed will make most people wonder why they hadn't happened already.  …
“The PM skipped 5 Cobra meetings #coronavirus, calls to order PPE were ignored & scientists’ warnings fell on deaf ears.” This won’t surprise anyone who’s read my #THREADwhich starts with a scoop & ends in a scoop & has an “it was Rebekah Vardy’s account” moment in the middle.  
On the 24th January 2020 Chinese doctors in the medical journal, The Lancet assessed the lethal potential of #Coronavirus suggesting it  to the 1918 Spanish flu pandemic, which killed up to 50 million people. A Cobra meeting was held that day but the PM was absent
BBC News - Coronavirus: British Transport Police officer, 53, dies  …
Michelle Obama is hosting a weekly story time for kids during the coronavirus pandemic  
NAUGHTY CUOMO! New York St faces $6.1 billion budget hole next year: officials  … via @nypmetro Cuomo running MASSIVE $6.1 BILLION budget deficit BEFORE CoronaVirus Outbreak! Now wants Federal Bailout with NO STRINGS! $4B linked to MEDICAID...ILLEGALS?
Here is where  in. He must be traced, tested, isolated and prosecuted. Government must also identify and prosecute those marketing a fake “traditional vaccine for coronavirus” in Kano. These are dangerous times. 
President @realDonaldTrump Says He’ll End Obama-Era Funding To Chinese Lab That May Have Spawned The Coronavirus! Good I don't Trust China I don't Trust Who They've cost American & the World so many lives Investigate them & cut them off immediately!  …
'We feel abandoned': international students in Australia facing coronavirus alone  …
How Oklahoma City  the 25th anniversary of the bombing in the age of coronavirus 
The UK is moving to drop Huawei as a vendor for the country’s 5G cellphone network in a major blow to Communist China over poor coronavirus transparency.  …
Extraordinary quote from a No 10 adviser to The Sunday Times on the government’s coronavirus preparations  
A new study in California shows 50 to 80 times the people have the antibody then tested positive for the #CoronaVirus. 
How has reduced activity due to #StayAtHome orders affected our environment? @ProfPeteD of @JohnsHopkinsEHE explains the impact #coronavirus is having on air quality and climate change.  …
NEW: Florida @GovRonDeSantis announces the state will now release the names of the nursing homes and assisted-living facilities where coronavirus cases have been confirmed along residents or staff. This after news organizations advised the state they planned to sue.
While the Trump admin. is using Bush-era "WMD"-style lies, absurdly claiming the coronavirus is a Chinese bioweapon that leaked out of a lab in Wuhan, even NATO allies like France are pointing out that there is no actual evidence for this conspiracy  …
A new spike in coronavirus cases is the darkest shadow hanging over the future of sports, concerts and every kind  mass gathering 
And , totally heedless of sense or propriety, on Monday the U.K. will attempt to start negotiations again even though it will distract from the #Coronavirus fight and - should #Brexit happen - will add yet more economic damage to the disastrous #Covid  …
With resources spread thin because of the coronavirus, there is concern about the challenges the pandemic could pose for the US' ability to respond to natural disasters like hurricanes, floods and wildfires 
Proverbs 19:2 “Desire without knowledge is not good, and whoever makes haste with his feet misses his way.” A whole lot of “missing the way” #Coronavirus  …
On 24th January the Govt held a Cobra meeting to discuss the #Coronavirus “Matt Hancock, the health secretary, bounced out of Whitehall after chairing the meeting and breezily told reporters the risk to the UK public was “low” Despite its seriousness the PM did not attend Cobra
Florida coronavirus update for Saturday: Gov. Ron DeSantis said Saturday that public schools in the state will remain closed through the end of the academic year  
It's amazing to watch all these mad bros protesting that the government is controlling their bodies. #coronavirus #MyBodyMyChoice #ButOnlySometimes
California’s effort to move homeless people into hotel and motel rooms to protect them from the coronavirus has gotten thousands off the streets, Gov. Gavin Newsom said, but advocates say the program has been hampered by red tape and local opposition  …
Damning detail after damning detail in this scathing review of Britain’s response to the coronavirus outbreak. Details   on an unimaginable scale.  …
Commitment to the photo - ⁦ @tom_honanphotos⁩ with boot in water. And ⁦ @SimonHarrisTD⁩ #coronavirus 
Dr. Anthony Fauci told me "I'm fascinated ... by what I would call the pathogenesis" when I interviewed him for my podcast, "Coronavirus: Fact vs. Fiction." (3/10) 
All of my thoughts are with @ShwartzmanRob tonight following the tragic loss of his father to Coronavirus. Losing a father at a young age must be so incredibly tough. Hopefully the whole  support will help him and his family through this awful time 
Donald Called the virus a "hoax" on February 28, 2020. "Now, the Democrats are politicizing the coronavirus… this is their new hoax." 4/18/20: U.S. hits 723,729 confirmed cases. COVID Deaths 37,841   …
. @mhclg Secretary @RobertJenrick updated on the government’s work to support local councils and vulnerable people throughout the #coronavirus outbreak. Find out more here:  
Wuhan researcher warned of coronavirus outbreaks linked to bats last January 
International lockdowns because of the #coronavirus have disrupted  fishing industry, meaning decimated marine life is getting a chance to recover. Read more in @business:  
Another report about the 3 whistleblowers who are silenced by #CCP. I shared some of their videos with English translation before. China's apprehended coronavirus whistleblowers are still silent  … via @RecIaimTheNet
Coronavirus knows no international borders, neither must its eventual cure | Jeremy Farrar  …
The middle sign, but not about coronavirus 
Damning Washington Post report reveals how America’s PPE crisis resulted from Trump’s coronavirus failures  …
Florida Surgeon General Suspiciously Silenced After Contradicting DeSantis On Coronavirus 
Broadway actor's right leg to be amputated due to  wife says  The actor has been in the hospital for 18 days suffering from COVID-19.
If you’re wondering why the U.S. is #1 in coronavirus deaths and not in masks, patient protective equipment, and ventilators, look no further than Trump’s denial, delay, and deception. Not exactly putting America first.  …
NEW: Number of confirmed coronavirus cases in London has reached 20,000.
Coronavirus thought for today; since most Americans are struggling to pay their bills, I’ve decided to stop paying Congressional Members. That’s the biggest pork barreling in my budget. Who’s with me?
We filed a request for  of Gov. DeSantis's office related  spread of the coronavirus — something DeSantis denied last month was happening, even as Dr. Anthony Fauci was saying there  spread in Florida.   …
Dr. Oz Fears That Coronavirus Comments Could Hurt His Credibility as Expert on Magic Beans  … via @NewYorker
With more people working from home because of the coronavirus  could downsize their offices, putting pressure on leasing prices 
FDA: While CDC was struggling, FDA had audacity to warn academic labs that had developed their own coronavirus test to stop testing Seattle outbreak was only discovered because academic lab ignored FDA and continued testing Meanwhile, @WHO posted their protocol on Jan  …
Newsom: California has over 15,000 hotel rooms for homeless during coronavirus pandemic  
CoronaVirus is outchea leaving people permanently disabled. He’s getting his leg amputated due to the #CoronaVirus In a second your life will change and you can be permanently disabled. A  …
“Nobody could have ever seen something like  .... “—Trump, March 25. “The possibility of a pandemic is a challenge Donald Trump is unqualified to handle as president. ... The outbreak of a new coronavirus ... will get worse before it gets better.”—Biden, Jan. 29.
Dear @SpeakerPelosi @SenSchumer @LeaderHoyer Congress already has a dismal approval rating. It’s Coronavirus time. Yet ALL OF YOU are at HOME? Get your tails back to DC & actually DO YOUR JOB! Stop the crap. Approve the extra $250 Billion paycheck protection program. ENOUGH!
Coronavirus is killing far more US health workers than official data suggests The CDC's count of 9,200 COVID+/27 dead (taken from a tally of only 16% of #COVID cases) is likely far under the actual number of affected U.S. healthcare workers and  …
South Carolina governor working with counterparts in Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Florida and Tennessee on coronavirus "reopening" efforts  …
New Yorker coronavirus artwork - sone haunting and jolting covers 
The first lady's work, while stymied by the restrictions of coronavirus, has continued, according to her office, and one of the first lady's regular habits has included checking in with her counterparts in other countries 
Red states may be facing a perfect storm of illness and death from COVID-19 #coronavirus  …
"China did not allow Wuhan, Nanjing or other cities to reopen until intensive surveillance found zero new cases for 14 straight days..Compared with China or Italy,..US is still a playground." The Coronavirus in America: The Year Ahead  …
These revelations in the media today raise serious issues around the government’s response to #Coronavirus and we need urgent action and transparency from the PM.  …
Minnesota AG Ellison discusses losing his mother to coronavirus and how only three people were allowed at her funeral. "You can't hug people, you can't hug your loved ones. You can't lean on their shoulder and cry with them." 
Can we just give all of the protesting MAGA supporters a plot of land for them to live and happily catch coronavirus from one another? 
The coronavirus pandemic can lead us to a smarter future. Let's make sure it does 
Colleagues/Friends; Over past month I’ve seen police work to Exhaustion they’ve died of CoronaVirus been kicked punched & spat at they have worked hard in  I will not let one or two  issues wipe out all of the good police are doing & continue to do!
Starting soon! Members of the Coronavirus Task Force will hold a press briefing. Watch live here on Twitter,  ,  ,  , or  .
Biden is an 'easy mark'? Remember how grateful you were to 'your good friend' Xi for his response to the coronavirus? Now, you're blaming him for it? 
While coronavirus highlights the inequities in our society, it also shows how vital public spaces are to everyday life. When the  to put millions of Americans back to work, we need massive federal investments in the built and natural environment.  …
"I'm really upset about the lock down and social distancing so I'm going to go get infected with coronavirus and infect my family and friends and get sick and maybe die because that will show the libs."
It was yet another example of right-wingers ignoring measures intended to slow the spread of the coronavirus. 
The rapid coronavirus test that Trump touted at the White House and has been pushing for weeks has been producing false negatives.  … via @politicususa
Italy sees sharp decline in ICU patients amid coronavirus lockdown  
Corrupt billionaire brothers' meat plants are riddled with coronavirus  
Gov. Cuomo urged to shut down NYC subways to stop coronavirus spread  
Also points how extraordinary it would be if coronavirus bear market really is over already. 
Why does misinformation linger?? Just as we were starting to hear about the Coronavirus SARS 2 (aka COVID-19), the misinformation bots were being loaded with misinformation intended to divide and distract us from the truth. As new data emerges it baffles me why folks... 
just realized there’s no orange and blue game this year. coronavirus has gone too far.
Last week, my employer ran a poll to support a charity responding to the Coronavirus pandemic. They chose @stjohnambulance! In just two days, just over £5,000 has been donated by my amazing colleagues! I am humbled by their generosity!
Global coronavirus cases surge past 2.25 million with 154,000 deaths 
Depending on how you record the data, between 94 & 99 UK Healthcare workers have died of Coronavirus. The tally is accelerating in a way that is terrifying.
"The official scientific advisers were willing to concede in public that there might be several cases of the coronavirus in the UK. But they had faith that the country’s plans for a pandemic would prove robust. This was probably a big mistake...
Residents are therefore urged to remain calm and rest assured that the FCT Administration will continue to do all that is necessary to curtail and eventually end the spread of the Coronavirus in the FCT.” Dr Mohammed Kawu, Ag Secretary Health and Human Services Secretariat FCTA.
Singers @KeshaRose and @andradaymusic serve up inspirational tunes to kick off the #TogetherAtHome concert to help battle the coronavirus pandemic. Others set to appear include @TaylorSwift13, The @RollingStones, @Oprah and 
Trump  coronavirus protesters to Rosa Parks What a bizarre analogy - especially since many Trumpanzees would have tossed her off the bus, or worse  …
There are now 37,730 U.S. coronavirus deaths. On March 19, there were 149 U.S. deaths. Now, the Institute for Health Metrics & Evaluation at University of Washington estimates there will be 60,308 U.S. deaths by August 4. I'll anchor special @CNNSitRoom coverage tonight 7-10PM ET
Over 31,500 people have died of the novel #coronavirus in 294 cities checkered across all of #Iran’s 31 provinces, according to reports tallied by the Iranian opposition PMOI/MEK as of Saturday afternoon local time, April  …
If you went to the bathroom in the O you are immune to Coronavirus
LA Times-45% of LA County residents have a job due to COVID19. 25.5 million lost jobs. Whites 15% Latinos 18% Blacks 21% Governor Newsom, what’s your plan? Money to illegals? Survey: Less Than Half of L.A. County Still Has a Job After Coronavirus  …
Government ignored warnings from scientists and lost a crucial five weeks to prepare for coronavirus. How Britain sleepwalked into disaster - an Insight investigation.  …
Has a single conservative tried to reconcile the movement’s shrug at the coronavirus deaths with the same people treating terrorism as the world’s biggest problem not that long ago?
Lions from Kruger National Park hit the roads just outside of Orpen Rest Camp in South Africa. They are free to move without humans being in the way due to the coronavirus lockdown. Section Ranger Richard Sowry 
God bless everyone contributing in big ways and small to this #coronavirus fight ): May we conquer #ThisTooShallPass
Gen. Anthony Tata: Repercussions of China's coronavirus misinformation tantamount to accidentally detonating a nuclear bomb Problem is, the disinformation was NOT an accident  …
This order that will continue to stop the movement of most military forces and their families to new assignments around the world in an effort to curtail the spread of the coronavirus 
Coronavirus could kill 300,000 people in Africa this year, even with assertive government measures, a  estimates 
H1N1 deaths over the course of 1 YEAR: 12,469 Coronavirus deaths over the past 7 weeks: 37,730. So. Much. Winning.
Most tests are being done on whiter and richer populations, @aslavitt writes in @Medium's Coronavirus blog. And those that need the most tests are, yes, poorer populations and people of color. 
This is now the @wisgop's whole strategy. They're fighting in court to torpedo the #SaferAtHome order. They're planning a huge protest at the WI Capitol. In the war of humanity vs coronavirus, the GOP has picked coronavirus.  …
Capitalism is murder. In New York City there is officially 1 coronavirus death for every 1,000 residents And this is a conservative estimate that excludes thousands of people who died at home This is the disaster that a barbaric, privatized, for-profit healthcare system creates  …
49-year-old recovers from coronavirus after 32 days on life support  
#Iran : #Coronavirus Death Toll Exceeds 31,500 in 294Cities The number of victims in Tehran is 5,190, Khorasan Razavi 2,520, Mazandaran 2,040, Isfahan 2,210, Khuzestan 1,330, East Azerbaijan 1,120, Golestan 1,070, Kermanshah 875, West ......  …
George Soros backed Media Matters trying to make me look bad? Nice try. I stand by my words and my gut instincts 100%. #MediaTerror #DeepState #COVID #coronavirus  …
Glad to see we still have some fight in us. Scenes of protests across the country demanding states reopen the economy amid coronavirus pandemic - CNBC  … via @GoogleNews
The south will rise again...in number of Coronavirus cases.
On January 22nd, Professor Neil Ferguson warned that coronavirus could be more infectious than Spanish flu, which killed tens of millions. 
Boris Johnson didn't a Cobra meeting on coronavirus for five weeks - till last month - and then it was too late. The Prime Minister's reputation as lazy  was proven. All the fears about him were vindicated. 
Boris Johnson's government then continually played down the looming disaster, claimed Britain was prepared and missed four further Cobra meetings on coronavirus. 
Boris Johnson was absent from the first Cobra meeting on coronavirus. Instead he was hanging out with a Chinese new year dragon. 
The Sunday Times investigation into the government's catastrophic handling of the coronavirus is one of the most important things you've read. It's behind a paywall, so here's a thread with the key points. Make sure everyone sees it. 
Take away NYC deaths and coronavirus is a tiny blip. NYC mayor and their own  are responsible for the mass deaths occurring. You can hate Trump all you want, I don't care, but if you're not demanding answers from Bill de Blasio, you're not an honest person.  …
RIP Jenelyn Carter who has died from Coronavirus. Jenelyn was a Healthcare Assistant from Swansea & worked at Morriston Hospital. She has died at the young aged of 42. We can’t ever do enough to pay her back for what she has given to us. This is the 23rd Filipino we have lost 
Colin Kaepernick launches coronavirus relief fund  of color via 
URGENT: DOJ, GOVERNORS & COURTS NEED TO MASSIVELY EXPEDITE SAFE RELEASES FROM U.S. JAILS & PRISONS: Michigan man who died of COVID-19 in prison was weeks from #parole .... ⁦ @REFORM⁩ #pandemic #coronavirus #COVID #prisons  …
As ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ fantasizes about a quick reopening, estimates by researchers at Harvard University suggest that the US cannot safely reopen unless it conducts more than 3 times the number of coronavirus tests it is currently administering.  …
“'So much death has been caused by their mistakes,' Trump said of the WHO. He is absolutely correct," Gordon Chang writes. "The WHO helped spread the coronavirus in four principal ways." Read the list:  …
NEW: Delhi reports 186 new cases of coronavirus and 1 new death. A total of 1,893 cases and 43 deaths.
COVID-19 IS NOT THE FLU. The coronavirus is killing 55 times more people than the flu in Spain In Italy it's 50 times. In the UK 45 times. #CoronavirusUSA #COVID 
South Africa gives the second most trustworthy and accurate Coronavirus statistics in the world according to Covid19 Infodemics Observatory.
You can acknowledge that the Chinese coronavirus is not just the flu AND be adamantly against government infringing on our rights. The two are not mutually exclusive. Your thoughts do not have to exist within a bubble of binary politics.
After a long, difficult battle against coronavirus, former #Steelers QB Terry Hanratty wonders "How close was I (to  …
Trump hotels have failed to join programs offering free or discounted rooms to heath care workers battling the coronavirus pandemic even as rivals have lined up to offer a helping hand, a Florida official claims. 
A private island off the coast of Miami paid $30,000 for 1,800 coronavirus antibody tests while the rest of the US struggles to obtain any tests at all. Here's how America's richest ZIP code did it.  …
Not a great look. Coronavirus: 38 days when Britain sleepwalked into disaster | News | The Sunday Times  …
The next coronavirus relief package must boost the production and distribution of more personal protective equipment (PPE) for frontline health workers and first responders. 
Here's one excerpt from @JCalvertST @Arbuthnott and @Jonathan__Leake's Sunday Times Insight piece detailing the extraordinary nonchalance of Boris Johnson as the coronavirus spread around the UK in January to March. 
The CCP approves this message After all, they are still blaming America for the CCP Virus #CCPViurs #COVID #CCPLiedPeopleDied #CCPChina #CCPVirus_Coronavirus
Global coronavirus cases surge past 2.25 million with 154,000 deaths  
If this woman gets coronavirus and dies, no weeping is necessary. She is an idiot and deserves it. Yes, that's harsh. But these people who are following @realDonaldTrump are NUTS. This is why he deserves to lose in November. This thing can kill  …
Our infectious diseases reporter Donald G. McNeil Jr. asked experts what they expect in the near future in the U.S. Their answers make it clear there's hope for managing the coronavirus crisis now and in the long term. But the year ahead will be painful. 
CORONAVIRUS: Gentlemen of England DONT WAIT FOR BILL GATES 
Broadway Star Nick Cordero to Have Leg Amputated Due to Coronavirus Complications 
16-Year-Old Wisconsin Girl Threatened With Arrest Over Coronavirus Instagram Posts, Now Suing Sheriff  … via @gatewaypundit
Remember these scenes the next time a hater claims we are dooming trapped Gazans to to the #coronavirus. Or when they claim #Gaza is a “concentration camp”/”open-air  …
Sending all my best wishes to great friend @tony4rochdale who is still poorly and all those fighting this wretched #coronavirus 
What if this coronavirus was started by Peloton as pay back for all the people that criticized their Christmas ad and now all those hypocrites are buying the bikes because they’re stuck inside at home. Genius or Evil?
This piece is absolutely devastating and utterly damning of Boris Johnson in particular. Coronavirus: 38 days when Britain sleepwalked into disaster | News | The Sunday Times  …
It may not be next week, but eventually we will enter Level 3 bubbles. More variables, more responsibility, but it is also a step on the road to “normal” I hope we reassess what “normal” is tho. My @SundayStarTimes @NZStuff #cartoon #nzpol #covid19 #Lockdown #coronavirus 
We are in #shutdown because of flawed models created by non-neutral scientists. The #coronavirus pandemic script is in a 2012 German research paper, the 2011 movie Contagion & the 2019 Johns Hopkins pandemic exercise. It's about globalism and population control.  …
This @thesundaytimes piece on Johnson's nonchalance towards the coronavirus crisis is utterly damning, and ought to be a resigning matter. He skipped 5 cobra meetings, calls to order protective gear were ignored and scientists’ warnings fell on deaf ears  …
Dangerous signs that China is using the distraction caused by coronavirus to carry out political arrests in Hong Kong. UK Government has a duty under the handover agreement to stand with them.  …
US Running out of Frozen Pizzas Amid Ongoing Coronavirus Pandemic  …
Just for the sense of timing. Britain was alert to any global Pandemic. Hubei in Wuhan was shut down on 23 Jan. Boris Johnson gave his ‘Coronavirus Superman’ speech in Greenwich 10 days later  
China Just Got Caught Deleting The Evidence – It Looks Like They Are Erasing Coronavirus Research As the world suffers from this disease, many are calling on China to pay a price American leaders have drafted legislation to move our manufacturing back  …
New York is ground zero for coronavirus. There's no honest world in which you blame Trump for Mayor Bill de Blasio and the NYC  telling people to live their lives despite coronavirus. 
Ladies and gentlemen, let me introduce to you.... Florida Governor Ron DeSantis. Culture war hits coronavirus crisis. 
24 Hour Fitness weighs bankruptcy as coronavirus pushes fitness industry to brink 
More than £14,000 raised for boy who lost mother and grandmother to coronavirus  …
Dubai: The UAE on Saturday night announced procuring 5.5 million pills of hydroxychloroquine, a medicine found to be effective in treatment of coronavirus, from India. .  …
I lost a friend to coronavirus last night in Chicago. I never saw him when he wasn’t smiling. He was so great in the most humble way. I was lucky to know him and like many others will hold his memory close. Pls don’t let down your guard if you can keep someone from getting sick.
In addition to Trump “rolling over for the Chinese” I would like to be reminded about Joe Biden’s January Coronavirus op-Ed every day from now until November. Thank you.  …
Before we can even consider safely re-opening  we must dramatically ramp up coronavirus testing. I unveiled a roadmap to get testing back on track and make sure it’s fast, free, and available everywhere.  …
Don’t Let Pelosi & The Democrats Bring You Down @realDonaldTrump ! Trump Supporters #MAGA Got Your Back Mr. President ! Show This Timeline To Any Liberal Who Says Trump Is Doing “Nothing” To Battle The Coronavirus while the Democrats & the Media were downplaying it 
'It's disgusting': Will coronavirus force baseball to clean up its act? Experts, baseball people weight in on all that spitting/finger licking:  …
People in Taiwan hold up banners reading: “Japan, don’t let Coronavirus win - keep fighting! Well always have your back. Let’s get through this together.”  …
Here's how the coronavirus works. 
Coronavirus response: How Ted Cruz wants to 'fundamentally' change our relationship with China  by 
AGAIN: Top coronavirus model significantly lowers total estimates of US deaths in new projection  
Researchers from the University of Aix-Marseille in France found out Coronavirus can survive exposure to temperature up to 60°C for long periods. It dies only at 92°C  …
More good news on testing in SA: the geneXpert machines are now validated & have received 10,000 cartridges for testing for coronavirus; 20,000 more  SA is one of few nations in world to receive them. SA has about 180 of the machines; can do test results in 45 minutes.
Maybe the coronavirus is teaching us, in an age of hyperactivity, not to mistake busyness for making the best use of the time.  …
#BREAKING: Barbados records no additional coronavirus cases for the third consecutive day; two additional persons have recovered from the coronavirus 18th April 2020 Barbados COVID-19 by the Numbers Confirmed cases: 75 (+0)  1,000 Recovered: 17 (+2) Deaths: 5 
Atletico fans at Liverpool was a ‘mistake’, claims Madrid mayor amid coronavirus pandemic | The Independent  …
Coronavirus has exposed the paradox of our food system: plant closures have led to a backlog of meat, forcing some producers to euthanize animals. Meanwhile more Americans are  food insecure as job losses mount..  …
Let’s hold a massive protest against the coronavirus stay-at-home protesters by all staying home and not being idiots.
The coronavirus crisis is laying bare the cracks in Amazon’s ability to be there for its customers when they need it most, our columnist writes 
Coronavirus: America hasn't used this little energy in 16 years  #coronavirus 
Nobody expected Harry Maguire to  Man United captain after just six months, but the £80m defender is helping steer the club through the coronavirus crisis with class 
The area’s first hospice unit for dying, hospitalized coronavirus patients has opened. It will allows loved ones of people fatally stricken with the disease to be at their bedsides — in protective gear — during their final moments.  …
America's largest retailer will require all workers to wear face coverings starting Monday as the coronavirus pandemic  nationwide.  …
#Coronavirus #COVID19 #Italy - Food delivery by gondola to Venice's elderly and vulnerable. #AFP @andrea_pattaro More on AFPForum:  
I realised today...the crushing inevitability of the Telegraph in 2023 publishing articles by Toby Young along the lines of: “...if only liberal remainers had not insisted on a lockdown and taken the 200 000 Coronavirus fatality hit...we’d have gotten a much better brexit deal”.
Guess I need to update this recent piece of mine on Islamophobes exploiting the coronavirus crisis, and include the president of the United States:   …
WATCH: All the Times Joe Biden Was Right and Trump Was Wrong on Coronavirus and China  (column by 
a whole flock of karens who want to talk to coronavirus's manager  …
Right now, a short drive from the Milwaukee Regional Medical Center where coronavirus patients are being treated by health workers desperately short of PPE, a GOP-supported protest against our stay-home order is underway. A GOP State Rep candidate attended. 1/  …
Trump had been briefed repedly about the deadly  to the US. But he shipped millions of masks and PPE to China in January and February. (so he knew about the virus) Then blamed Obama for not enough masks and the WHO for not telling him.  …
for someone pushing 100 years old, visiting a coronavirus hospital is definitely A Good Idea  …
Trump's loyalist block roads in Michigan to stop ambulances from accessing hospitals responding to #COVID19. Demanding coronavirus saftey measures be withdrawn. No police response. 
As Palestinians marked the Palestinian Prisoner's Day, Brazilian cartoonist Carlos Latuff took part in reminding the world of the plight of 5,000 Palestinians imprisoned in the Israeli jails,who are also facing the danger of the coronavirus pandemic. #WeAreWithYou 
Ok I have many many questions about UK preparedness for #COVID19 but can we please stop characterising #coronavirus as ‘sneaky’, ‘wiley’, ‘clever’, ‘smart’. It’s a virus. They are qualities I’d like to see in Govt tackling said virus
We shall  God bless South Africa We will defeat Coronavirus 
Ok Due to the #Coronavirus Ill be sending the first 100 people to like & retweet this $2900 -$$6900 through CashApp, Apple Pay #or Zelle WHO need It
Dear @NYGovCuomo you recently did your stste budget. You didn’t make major cuts because of the Coronavirus? #IllegalAliens should get NOTHING. @realDonaldTrump owes NY NOTHING because of yiur bad spending habits!!!
More than 60 of our health worker heroes have now died in this #coronavirus war & still we shamefully send them into battle without enough protective kit. It’s a disgrace. RIP Michael, & thank you.  …
Coronavirus: Exhausted care home staff still waiting for government support  …
Delivery drivers during the Coronavirus! 
How does coronavirus kill? Clinicians trace a ferocious rampage through the body, from brain to toes | Science | AAAS  …
Members of the Coronavirus Task Force Hold a Press Briefing  via @YouTube
When you cough nowadays even dogs worry about #Coronavirus Sound On 
Before this poll, did you know Fauci is the one who moved the CoronaVirus research from US to China (when the work was made illegal here) and approved its budget? (evidence follows in next tweet)
This pandemic is just a small taste of what will be experienced in the #tribulation following the #rapture Indeed the clock is ticking! #Bibleprophecy #endtimes #revelation #covid19 #coronavirus  …
as Trump encourages angry and anxious Americans to take to the streets as part of an uprising against social distancing measures... Gov. Andrew Cuomo Tells Trump To Stop Politicizing Coronavirus Fears: 'We Cannot Go There'  … via @politicususa
What Do Countries With The Best Coronavirus Responses Have In Common? Women Leaders via  …
New Projection Of U.S. Coronavirus Deaths Much Lower Than Initial Estimate  … 
Seriously confused as to why people are outside in large groups protesting the coronavirus lockdown right now............... 
Bette Midler doubles down on shameless politicization of coronavirus crisis.  …
The Coronavirus in America has taken 37,659+ Lives & has infected 716,883 people.!! All because 60 Mill #NitWits thought it would be a great idea 2 elect a Corrupt 6X Bankrupted Lying Reality Star Con Man..!! #DoNothingDonald chose Golf & Hate Rallies over American 
RIP Barry England. Barry is the 3rd Paramedic to lose his life to Coronavirus. We will make sure his contribution is never forgotten 
Boris Johnson 'skipped five Cobra meetings on coronavirus as warnings ignored'  
It will be two years of "fits and starts" in opening the country back up from the coronavirus, per Don McNeil. "If too many people get infected at once, new lockdowns will  inevitable."  …
Florida's coronavirus outbreak was the result of Spring Breakers not socially distancing. Soon as they reopened the beach it's tons of people mingling with no social distancing. But the ONLY restrictions are on Black people from OUTSIDE the state.  …
How Does Israel Treat Gaza During Coronavirus? RETWEET THIS 
Turkey's coronavirus cases overtake Iran,  the highest in the Middle East. Live updates: 
The spreading of fake news about the new coronavirus and Covid-19 is now a crime in Namibia, following an amendment to the Covid-19 state of emergency regulations.  
@WestHertsNHS has achieved amazing feats beyond the coronavirus pandemic, with the trust and staff winning a handful of awards last year. Patients at Watford General Hospital are getting incredible care and by staying at home you are protecting these wonderful people: 
My aunt died yesterday of coronavirus in a long-term care center in Montreal. The family could neither assist nor  her in her last moments. The funeral services are responsible for cremating her remains. No farewell ceremonies. Confined in sorrow.
Statistically speaking, at least one person in this crowd has coronavirus………  …
Roger Stone to Tucker Carlson: With coronavirus, my jail time is "essentially a death sentence"  
Combating #coronavirus: #UAE flag shines on Switzerland's iconic  …
#Sindh CM takes back decision to cut doctors' pay Follow our live updates on #coronavirus here: 
Florida, which has close to 25,000 confirmed coronavirus cases, recorded 1,400 new infections, in the state's highest one-day jump yet  …
CNN’s Chris Cuomo joined the backlash against Fox News’ coverage of the coronavirus pandemic.  … via @HuffPostPol
NEW: New York reports its lowest number of new coronavirus deaths since April 1.
Honestly why should it be up to a scientist working with  to do Facebook fact checks on coronavirus? They should not be in the fact checking business. Let us handle our own information.  …
Florida Reopened Some Beaches Even As The Number Of Coronavirus Cases In The State Increase  …
How African regimes—like many others—use Coronavirus restrictions to erode democracy: Egypt targets journalists for coronavirus reports Guinea president prolongs his term by 12 years Zimbabwe opposition barred from protesting by  …
Behind on coronavirus testing, Texas tries to be the first state to reopen  
⁦ @ElizabethMay⁩ “What Do Countries With The Best Coronavirus Responses Have In Common? Women Leaders” No  sense, diligence and intelligence will win this war.  …
This was the line yesterday to receive food assistance from Catholic Charities in Corona, Queens — the neighborhood with the highest number of positive coronavirus cases in NYC. (via @javiercastrotv/ 
Dumbfuckistan: The bump in coronavirus cases is most pronounced in states without stay at home orders. Over the past week, according to  by Johns Hopkins, cases jumped 53% in OK, 60% in AR, 74% in NE, & 82% in IA. SD saw a whopping 205% spike.  …
The coronavirus ( #COVID19) outbreak is a challenging time for all of us. Here are three top tips to help manage your mental wellbeing 
In about a week, millions of Trump supporters from MI, MN, FL and other states will probably all  down with #Covid , thus extending the crisis and learning the hard way to trust science. I hope they apply that lesson to our climate. #COVIDIOTS #coronavirus  …
NEW: Sat 18 April update of coronavirus trajectories Daily deaths • US & UK may be peaking but still too early to say. Deaths not clearly trending down • Successes in dark blue: Australia, Norway, Austria locked down early => gentle slopes Live charts:  
People with cardiovascular disease face more  and a substantially higher risk of death from coronavirus 
7 months pregnant doctor is giving treatment to patients of coronavirus . Purest form of dedication towards service ... 
Anna's novel idea to beat novel Coronavirus @SunielVShetty @SanskritiMedia @DeccanChronicle 
John Krasinski announced he had plans to host an online prom Friday for high school seniors across the nation who have had theirs canceled due to the coronavirus pandemic. 
Coronavirus CAN survive exposure to high temperatures for long periods, study shows - suggesting current measures to disinfect research labs are ineffective  …
The #coronavirus didn't discriminate in its very initial health/economic hits. This has changed, aggravating the existing #inequality trifecta  wealth and opportunity) for  and countries. If we're not careful, it will get worse in the post crisis world
The first big coronavirus antibody study. We'll never waste your time rehashing stories you've already seen all week. How to watch Sunday! @FullMeasureNews:   …
Yes Peter he is. 1. UK let’s Coronavirus Rip as rest of EU locksdown sacrificing as Cummings would say “a few pensioners” 2. UK economy emerges post COVID ahead of the rest of EU 3. UK then in powerful economic position to dictate global/EU trade talks It’s no secret.
Sindh Govt's blooming development to diagnose Coronavirus, Test result is now possible within ten Minutes. @BBhuttoZardari 
"There is something wonderful here." The Colombian mayor of Medellin announced that they will create low-cost ventilators amid the global shortfall caused by the #coronavirus pandemic 
As coronavirus forces restaurants to shut down across NYC, food trucks have stepped up to the plate again, donating food to first responders, tweaking menus to meet the needs of healthcare workers and going out of their way to deliver meals to the elderly. 
"This is an important decision, and one that will keep people on both sides of the border safe," said Prime Minister Justin Trudeau as he announced that the US-Canadian border will remain closed another month to fight the spread of the #coronavirus 
Thank you so much Prime Minister @erna_solberg for joining the One world, #TogetherAtHome programme! @WHO truly appreciates your support! Indeed, we are in this together and we will end the #coronavirus pandemic together! #COVID19
49-year-old recovers from coronavirus after 32 days on life support  
This scared the living daylight out of me. If you weren't scared, you'll be scared now. I don't want to die this way. How does coronavirus kill? Clinicians trace a ferocious rampage through the body, from brain to toes 
China Tries (and Fails) to Get Wisconsin to Pass Law Praising Beijing on Coronavirus The Chinese Communist Party’s outrageous effort to pressure the legislature of Wisconsin …  
While the United States was on its way to  the worst coronavirus hotspot in the world, the Trump Admin was busy shipping away our scarce supplies.  …
Welp, that will make it really difficult to explain why #coronavirus IgM/IgG tests work and why recovered #COVID19 patients can give convalescent plasma. While information on length and method of immunity is patchy, this is straight out nonsense by the  …
We need two virgins on Twitter to go to the evil Forest and bring the cure for coronavirus.
Trump properties have collectively furloughed nearly 2,000 employees across several states, including at President Trump's oceanfront Florida resort, as business around the country face forced closures due to the coronavirus pandemic. 
BREAKING: New York reports 7,090 new cases of coronavirus and 540 new deaths. Total of 236,732 cases and 13,362 deaths.
Ooof. Coronavirus: 38 days when Britain sleepwalked into disaster Johnson skipped 5 Cobra meetings on the virus, calls to order protective gear were ignored & scientists’ warnings fell on deaf ears. Failings in February may have cost thousands of lives  …
#Coronavirus: Israel managed to flatten the curve. PM #Netanyahu declared eased lockdown: ‘We’re starting to release personal, economic space’
If every wanna-be Rosa Parks seriously thinks we shouldn't quarantine to restrain the #coronavirus, then they should sign a "Do Not Resuscitate" order before protesting Americans who don't want to get #COVID thank you for your patriotism.
Trump Campaign Slams Soros-Backed Coronavirus Attack Ad for Deceptive Editing  … via @BreitbartNews
1. Arrange one-on-one time 2. Keep it positive 3. Create a daily routine 4. Manage bad behaviour 5. Keep calm and manage stress 6. Talk about #COVID19 Some parenting tips in the time of #coronavirus from 
“At the very time that Trump is having his first press conference with his coronavirus team, his administration is hawking the vital medical supplies under the title, ‘Covid-19 to China.’ ”  …
FAUCI in late Feb: This suggests overall clinical consequences of Covid-19 may ultimately be more akin to those of severe seasonal flu (which has case fatality rate of approximately 0.1%) or pandemic flu (similar to those in 1957 and 1968)... #coronavirus   …
Jared and Ivanka are deeply involved with the government’s response to coronavirus. They ignored federal guidance and traveled to a Trump golf course in NJ last week. We're investigating how much it cost, and how many Secret Service agents were needed.  …
Looking like Carrie Lam’s coronavirus clampdown strategy is just the latest blunder in her disastrous premiership, uniting the free world against her. Statements now from UN, EU, UK, Bar Councils, US Senators, Congressmen and many others with more   …
China raises number of Wuhan coronavirus fatalities by 50%, confirming that Beijing suppressed data to push narrative of defeat against virus. Why is China on a U.N. panel that will play a central role in choosing the U.N. monitor on the right to health?  …
Beautiful street art and other scenes amid the coronavirus pandemic round out this week's best images. 
BREAKING: While Trump was praising China's coronavirus response and failing to prepare our country, his administration was encouraging American manufacturers to sell millions of dollars in face masks and other PPE to China.  …
Rhythwyn Evans was inspired by @captaintommoore who has raised more than £20m #Coronavirus 
His Majesty King Abdullah II will make a special appearance tomorrow on Sunday’s #CBS @FaceTheNation with host @margbrennan to share Jordan’s experience in curbing the spread of the #Coronavirus. Watch this episode online at  cc: @RHCJO 
From @WSJopinion: How deadly is the coronavirus? A new study finds a far lower fatality rate than most experts thought, writes Andrew Bogan 
Nearly $200 million that could help charities serving coronavirus victims is instead sitting in dormant campaign war chests of former politicians who have either retired or no longer have any imminent campaign, according to an NBCLX review.  …
How people without running water can wash their hands  #Coronavirus 
#FightTogether A team of medical experts sent by the Chinese government arrived at #Malaysia on Saturday to help the country fight the #COVID_19 pandemic. #coronavirus
PLEASE RETWEET - #IndiaFightsCorona #StayAtHomeSaveLives #StayHomeStaySafe #StayHome #CoronaVirus #COVID2019 #coronavirusindia 
Coronavirus: 38 days when Britain sleepwalked into disaster - Insight investigation with ⁦ @JCalvertST⁩ and ⁦⁦  …
Nearly two-thirds of Americans believe President Donald Trump was too slow to respond to the coronavirus crisis while nearly three-quarters believe the “worst is still  according to a Pew Research survey released on Thursday. 
Don’t use a cent of my tax money to treat any coronavirus “protesters.”
Designer brand Louis Vuitton starts making masks, hospital gowns for coronavirus outbreak  
Broadway Star Nick Cordero to Have His Right Leg Amputated Due to Coronavirus Complications 
James this is the context 1. UK let’s Coronavirus Rip as rest of EU locksdown sacrificing as Cummings would say “a few pensioners” 2. UK economy emerges post COVID ahead of the rest of EU 3. UK then in powerful position to dictate global/EU trade talks It’s no secret.
NEW: India reports 277 new coronavirus cases and 12 new deaths in Gujarat. State total at 1,376 cases and 53 deaths.
A photograph taken in a Romanian airport of seasonal workers heading to Western Europe, in spite of Coronavirus! While we stay home, the borders stay open... CLOSE BORDERS. SAVE LIVES! 
Reality gets grimmer everyday. Pedro Zamora could not pay the $650 rent in #BoyleHeights. Despite an eviction ban, his landlord demanded money, so he borrowed $250 from his son & moved into a shuttle bus parked outside Mariachi Plaza. #coronavirus  
Probably one of the few former MPs who is speaking about the racial profiling of Muslims during #Covid_19, while many others who received far more votes from Muslims remain silent on the matter. Thank you, @HarshadeSilvaMP #LKA #SriLanka #CoronaVirus #COVID  …
Did you know Kim Pagan the organizer of New Jersey's coronavirus stay-at-home order protest has been charged criminally? Apparently he was charged with violating the stay-at-home order for protesting the stay-at-home order! So yeah, it's illegal to protest in New Jersey now!
In 71% of the states where data are available, Black people are more likely to test positive for coronavirus. In 78% of the states, Black people are more likely to die from coronavirus.  
Online Conference Over #Coronavirus Outbreak in #Iran: European Lawmakers Support Iranian Resistance, Condemn Regime’s Inaction and Cover-Up British MPs, German lawmakers, and  from over 1000 locations joined an online  …
Why China must pay. #coronavirus  …
Lions nap on South Africa roads during coronavirus lockdown 
#FoxNews says US intelligence investigated if the #coronavirus was released from a #Wuhan virology lab, and concluded with "high confidence" that it was because of lax safety protocols, but U.S. intelligence says they have  to such a  …
China has raised its official coronavirus death toll in the city of Wuhan by 50%. My thoughts on Sky News this morning... 
10 coronavirus-unit nurses are suspended, potentially for weeks, for refusing to work without N95 masks  …
In the same way that Cloverfield had allusions to 9/11 and Shin Godzilla and G2014 had allusions to Fukushima, we’re definitely going to see a post-coronavirus kaiju movie at some point.
The “ambitious” target of 100,000 tests a day, by the end of April is a bit like my ambition to be fluent in Latin by Wednesday. Not happening!. #Coronavirus #TestTraceIsolate
Live Panel: Exploring the Origin of the Wuhan Coronavirus  …
The first lady's work, while stymied by the restrictions of coronavirus, has continued, according to her office, and one of the first lady's regular habits has included checking in with her counterparts in other countries 
Governor Andrew Cuomo said that New York has experienced its lowest one-day #coronavirus death toll in two weeks, even as he plans to maintain the state's stay-at-home rule to May 15  
⁦ @RudyGiuliani⁩ Common sense advice makes sense! Keep the government Bureaucrats out of this! Doctors know more than the government what’s best to treat CORONAVIRUS 
NEW: India reports 125 new coronavirus cases in Uttar Pradesh, state total at 974. 14 deaths, 108 recovered.
Many experts are worried about chronic shortages of basic supplies needed to slow the spread of the coronavirus in African countries: masks, oxygen, soap and water. 
Boris Johnson skipped five Cobra meetings on #coronavirus, calls to order protective gear were ignored and scientists’ warnings fell on deaf ears Failings in February may have cost thousands of lives INSIGHT Investigation in tomorrow’s  …
 … In coronavirus scramble for N95 masks, Trump administration ...
What else did people expect? We all know he's an indolent,  idiot. I just wish there was some way of booting his stupid fat ar*e out of Downing Street before he wipes out even more of us with his ineptitude and botched #coronavirus eugenics experiments.  …
My grandfather died of the coronavirus last night, age 98. His name was Jerome.
This from @JCalvertST @Arbuthnott and @Jonathan__Leake is utterly essential reading on coronavirus A forensic deconstruction of the mistakes that we’re made as Britain sleepwalked into disaster #buyapaper  …
The latest on the coronavirus: - Spain’s lockdown to be extended, prime minister says - France reports 642 new fatalities - New York announces fewest new deaths in almost two weeks 
Right! 40,000 dead of #coronavirus thanks to you! 
Coronavirus (COVID-19) deaths worldwide per one million population as of April 18, 2020, by country -  
Joe Biden would be the dream President for China. They'd get away with the coronavirus without any accountability. Look at all the connections Joe has to China. Look at what Hunter did in China. Anyone who knows the truth about #BeijingBiden will never vote for him!
Coronavirus test delay came after contamination at CDC lab: report  
Trump Calls Dem Senators ‘RUDE And NASTY’ For Wanting Answers On Coronavirus Testing Availability  …
A man in Florida encased his arms in barrels full of concrete outside the governor's mansion on Friday in protest of the state's continuing to hold prisoners amid the coronavirus pandemic. 
Several arrested at unregistered #Berlin rally against #coronavirus restrictions 
TRUMP, 2/25: China is “working very, very hard” to contain coronavirus and “they’re getting it more and more under control.” BIDEN 2/26: “I would not be taking China’s word for it.”
Vegas Looking at Ways to Lift Coronavirus Restrictions, Safely Reopen 
A photo that captures Iran so well; a female teacher teaching her students online amid the coronavirus outbreak via 
Can now name Ricky Perico, God rest his soul. Ricky died of Coronavirus after spending a career as a Theatre Assistant in our NHS. Another selfless Filipino who dedicated his life to keeping me and you safe.  
Murdoch's prestige Sunday UK paper with a damning thread on abdication of leadership by PM Boris Johnson in coronavirus crisis  …
Imagine the flak if this coronavirus thing had started in Africa.
LAPD Detective Michaell Chang—who had been in critical condition with the novel coronavirus at Providence St. Hon's Health Center—elbow bumps his doctor as he's discharged.  
We are heading towards a ‘new normal’ life ! World & human behavior will change. Aftermath of #coronavirus
"Trump has said coronavirus cases have peaked, suggesting the worst of the pandemic is over as he encourages states to ease up on restrictions and revive the economy. Experts say the president's claims are premature or exaggerated." #CoronavirusLiar  …
LIVE PANEL at 3:30pm ET! We explore the origin of #Wuhan #coronavirus with investigative reporter @JoshJPhilipp, microbiologist Sean Lin & NTD Canada's Joe Wang. HAVE BURNING Q's? @JanJekielek will be taking Q's from the live chat! WATCH HERE 
It would be great if the people protesting in Brookfield could be identified and a notation made in their health records that says "DO NOT TREAT - TURN THIS PERSON AWAY" when they show up at a hospital with Coronavirus.
This entire thread by President Trump tells me this CoronaVirus is political. People need to wake up. Stop acting brand new, as if the last 5 years didnt take place. We have seen SCAM after SCAM by the Democrats! How many more times would you like to be scammed?  …
FAKE TRUMP SUPPORTERS!Why are you wearing masks if you don’t believe that the Coronavirus COVID-19 WILL kill you? GO HOME! #StayHome #MSNBC
just got off the phone with the CDC they said that the coronavirus saw all  of millionaires saying everything is going to be okay so it decided to go away
NEW: @GavinNewsom says California has procured nearly 11,000 rooms to protect homeless from #coronavirus out of targeted 15,000. And Motel 6 chain  to providing dozens more like the one we are standing in front of today
While @JoeBiden was sounding the alarm about the coronavirus, Trump was coddling China —-> 
Joe Biden’s campaign released a new digital ad in key battleground states meant to counter Trump’s efforts to portray him as soft on China. The ad is part of a coordinated response aiming to highlight Trump’s slow response to the coronavirus pandemic.  …
CORONAVIRUS: Social media footage shows women playing tennis across rooftops in Finale Ligure, northern Italy, Saturday, as the country's coronavirus lockdown continues. (AFP) 
You know what’s RUDE and NASTY? By the end of this weekend, we could hit 50,000 deaths from coronavirus in the US. Every 90 seconds an American dies from COVID-19. And this is how the President is spending his time today while thousands die. That’s rude and nasty. 
Step off #ChiComs! We've had enough of your #ChinaLiedPeopleDied #ChinaVirus China Tries (and Fails) to Get Wisconsin to Pass Law Praising Beijing on Coronavirus  …
3034 positive cases of coronavirus in SA. GP 1101 WC 836 KZN 604 EC 270 251 New cases today, Kubi! 
Amid, the #coronavirus outbreak, @CHAtweets resident, Jerliner Jordan has been busy helping her neighbors stay safe. A retired seamstress, she’s busy making face masks for family, friends & other residents.  …. #NeighborsHelpingNeighbors #AmericaWorksTogether
47 new #coronavirus cases in Pune, total 612: Health official.
Not surprised that many NHS workers feel the #NHSapplause is just empty claps. No #PPE available, forbidden from speaking out publicly about coronavirus, bullied, and on top this . Is this the way to show gratitude & respect to  …
The Navajo Nation has lost more to coronavirus than 13 states. This is a national outrage.
Trump chooses “people are dropping off like flies” metaphor to disagree with Drudge’s portrayal of coronavirus death toll.  …
Chris Cuomo violated Quarantine . . . Confronts Bicyclists . .while visiting his *New East Hampton Home, who questioned why out of quarantine . . . Now his wife has #Covid_19 "No one’s more entitled than a coronavirus-positive celebrity in the Hamptons"  …
NY jammed everyone into subway cars and the virus exploded. NJ has the highest population of any state per square mile. These states account for more than half the death's from the Coronavirus. This is not happening in the majority of America. Let's open up Let's go!!!
We’ve been able to publicly point to 81 NHS & Healthcare workers who have died of Coronavirus. If we add names we can’t yet share the total is 92. The tally is climbing fast.  from 2003 onwards 179 British soldiers died in the Iraq war. RIP to all
No more funding will be provided until the World Health Organization’s failures and cover-ups during the Coronavirus pandemic are investigated. 
Good afternoon from the governor’s residence in Indianapolis, where a few hundred people are protesting the state’s coronavirus restrictions. They’re chanting: “Six feet away, we will not obey.” 
President Donald J. Trump delivers remarks during a coronavirus update briefing Friday, April 17, 2020, as seen through the door of the James S. Brady Press Briefing Room of the White House. ~ Our @WhiteHouse Weekly is out 
Kidney specialists now estimate that 20 percent to 40 percent of I.C.U. patients with the coronavirus suffered kidney failure and needed emergency dialysis  …
#PanicDiary April 18 2nd edition @thesundaytimes Boris Johnson skipped 5 COBRA meetings on #coronavirus. Tests and PPE not ordered, scientists ignored, thousands of unnecessary deaths. Our PM failed. Boris Johnson should be called to account.  
Don’t raise money for American families suffering from coronavirus that have lost loved ones but guess what the fricken Elites say hold my beer let’s raise money for the fricken W.H.O because Trump cut them off because they didn’t let Americans know how deadly the virus was.  …
Going on now in downtown #Columbus #ohio - protest against #coronavirus restrictions 
The smartest analysis from the best reporter covering coronavirus. Read it. Spend some time thinking about it. Share it.  …
Former US Surgeon General on coronavirus: "We were a bit late to recognize how bad this was"  
It's no surprise that the coronavirus pandemic has a lot of us feeling anxious. But why do we respond to stress in this way? And what's the best way to manage these feelings? Watch Anxiety, explained – part of our Mind miniseries on @Netflix:  
Federal labor regulators are looking into claims that Amazon violated employee’s rights during the coronavirus pandemic  …
NEW: Saudi Arabia reports 1,132 new cases of coronavirus, 8,274 cases in total. Saudi Arabia's largest daily increase by far.
Could Trump's failure to seriously address the coronavirus pandemic finally turn away some supporters? 
This morning the #coronavirus took my mother, Clara Kerik, 80. #RIP 
LIVE: California Gov. Newsom gives coronavirus update.  …
Gov. @GavinNewsom is giving his daily coronavirus briefing from outside a Motel 6 in Santa Clara County that's being used to house homeless people. You can watch here:  …
This is what happens when the  in and fires all the smart people. Contamination at CDC lab delayed rollout of coronavirus tests  …
Trump is a mass murderer: New reporting reveals that White House officials were embedded with @WHO in Geneva when China disclosed the spread of #coronavirus last December.  …
While @JoeBiden was sounding the alarm about the coronavirus, Trump was coddling China —-> 
#FloridaMorons trends as people flock to the beach after coronavirus restrictions are lifted in parts of the state  …
Eric Holder: Here’s how the coronavirus crisis should change U.S. elections — for good 
Total number of Coronavirus cases in South Africa is at 3034 as of today. That’s up by 251 since yesterday. Number of tests conducted since yesterday is up by 7194. (Total number of tests conducted is 108021)
New York will allow people to get marriage licenses remotely, and clerks will have the authority to perform wedding ceremonies over video, as the coronavirus pandemic continues, officials say. 
We’re sad to learn of the death of four firefighters in the USA due to coronavirus. Our thoughts and condolences are with the families, friends and colleagues of Edward Singleton, Richard Campbell, John Oles, and Franklin Williams.
A gym owner didn't want his clients to give up on their fitness goals while abiding by Illinois' stay-at-home order during the coronavirus pandemic. So, he told members  pick up equipment from his gym -- and take it with them, free of charge. 
My father is a top virologist who believes the coronavirus vaccines won't be ready for distribution until 2021 — here's why (by  …
"There is still scared people and tension in the air, and you can feel the frustration of being kept inside." From @NYTMag, an oral history of how the first fatal coronavirus outbreak in the federal prison system, in Oakdale, Louisiana, unfolded. 
Facebook will begin to alert users after they've been exposed to misinformation about the coronavirus, the latest in a series of actions to curtail the spread of wrong or misleading claims related to the pandemic.  …
"This is important stuff. It’s about life and death, and it’s about our economy, and everything that’s really important. It’s not tweets and it’s not style." Watch @BillMaher ask @DanCrenshawTX about his defense of President Trump's coronavirus response on 
Pakistan: Head of Faisalabad Tablighi Jamaat dies of coronavirus, over 1100 members infected  …
"Early signs suggest Trump's bungled response to coronavirus could be devastating his reelection fight. Analysts say Trump’s path to 270 has narrowed significantly as he faces increasingly ugly poll numbers in several battleground states he won in 2016."  …
Must read. #coronavirus  …
France coronavirus deaths rise to over 19,000  
While Boris Johnson skipped 5 COBRA meetings (and yet made time to talk about a Superman attitude to Coronavirus) our sources tell us that Dominic Cummings did attend most these COBRA meetings.  …
This is SPC Chance from @BTPBhm. His employer has released him to volunteer full time throughout the #coronavirus pandemic with our response teams to support the railway and the  An  and contribution from both. 
Dead bodies kept in homes or dumped on roadsides, no count, no data. Guayaquil is Ecuador's worst effected city of the virus. Many reports were the share of dead corps rotting on the street and sidewalk...If you don't believe that watch this video. #coronavirus 
Saturday evening update - #Covid19 #coronavirus  …
GOOD NEWS: Lagos has announced 26 test centres across the state where you can just walk-in and get tested for Coronavirus. 1 in each local government 2 in ikorodu 6 in Alimosho ALL you have to do is: Check your local govt, Call the phone number And get tested. RT for everyone! 
The lack of protective kit for NHS and social care staff continues to be a serious issue. Watch @DrRosena's powerful interview. The Government must step up. #coronavirus 
Coronavirus: 38 days when Britain sleepwalked into disaster |Johnson skipped five Cobra meetings on the virus, calls to order protective gear were ignored and scientists’ warnings fell on deaf ears. Failings in February may have cost thousands of lives  …
Rosa Parks displayed profound moral courage and physical courage. Those people protesting isolation have neither — only their egos, selfishness, and ignorance. #RosaParks #Coronavirus
Here are the latest coronavirus updates: Global cases surpass 2.2 million Canada-US continue restriction on non-essential travel Daily deaths in Italy drop below 500 Read more  …
WATCH: All the Times Joe Biden Was Right and Trump Was Wrong on Coronavirus and China  
BREAKING: Contamination at CDC lab may have caused delays in rolling out coronavirus testing early on. President Trump has called for an investigation into how Democratic governors got into the lab to contaminate it and make Trump look more  
Bad news for those of us recovering from #coronavirus: besides lung damage, #COVID19 could cause heart inflammation, acute kidney disease, neurological malfunction, blood clots, intestinal damage, and liver 
I’m unable to read the full article because it’s behind the pay wall. But the first few lines are devastating enough... Coronavirus: 38 days when Britain sleepwalked into disaster | News | The Sunday Times  …
Spain to extend its #coronavirus lockdown through May 9, says PM Pedro Sanchez: news agency AFP
I’m starting to get concerned that people think this lockdown was meant to last until coronavirus  gone. That’s...not going to happen, guys.  …
JUST IN: Contamination at a CDC lab was likely the cause of critical early delays in rolling out coronavirus testing  
Trump, strolling the White House grounds aimlessly before his Coronavirus task force briefing today at 5. 
Ironically, ANTIFA was the best prepared for this coronavirus. They've been wearing facemasks for years & never leave their parent's basements anyway.
+UPDATE+ The UK prime minister - Boris Johnson - skipped the first 5 emergency COBRA meeting on the Coronavirus... ..preferring to spend the time with his girlfriend or on other personal matters.  …
A week ago I alluded to the fact that a senior health official had told me that around 100 Zimbabweans had died from the Coronavirus. Then today the @MoHCCZim says 134 Zimbabweans died from malaria. Could you kindly give us more information @MoHCCZim to avoid  …
Iran: Coronavirus Death Toll Exceeds 31,500 in 294 Cities The People’s Mojahedin Organization of Iran (PMOI / MEK) announced on Saturday, April 18, 2020, that the #Coronavirus death toll has exceeded 31,500 in 294 cities across #Iran.  …
Not been on here for a while. Lost my Dad to the coronavirus a month ago. Hurts so much still. He was only 54. One thing I’ll miss most is watching the football with him, will never be the same. Stay safe everyone, this virus will take your nearest and dearest if given the chance
South Africa's confirmed cases of coronavirus have jumped by 251 in the past 24 hours; now a total of 3,034 cases. That's an increase of 9 per cent in the past day, a higher increase than recent days. (A total of 108,021 tests have been conducted so far.)
This is the funniest #coronavirus video I've seen. Meet the @joebiden of facemasks." From @MeredithBragg, Austin Bragg, and  …
What we’re witnessing in real time is Trump politicizing the #coronavirus crisis to create strife to help his re-election effort. Any politician who does not publicly condemn this owns it. Republicans need to speak out against this insanity right this minute.  …
All In: Henrik Lundqvist We’re looking to raise $100 million for coronavirus relief. You can help us get there by bidding on Henrik's 2010-11 game-worn mask via the #ALLINCHALLENGE  
if you could cure coronavirus by sacrificing the career of any mlb player, which houston astro would you choose?
Help healthcare workers & give @mester_mark a new ‘do! @KTLA is fundraising for @directrelief’s Coronavirus relief. If we meet our goal, Mark will get his head shaved! DONATE: Text RELIEF to 515151  WATCH LIVE: Sunday, April 26 at 
Minister Zweli Mkhize says there have been 3034 positive cases of coronavirus in SA. 108 021 tests have been conducted to date. 1101 - GP 836 - WC 604 - KZN 270 - EC
Germany - Coronavirus Cases: 142,872 - Deaths: 4,426 - Recovered: 85,400
Need more evidence that China is trying to use the #coronavirus pandemic to advance their agenda? Look no further than Hong Kong where those fighting for democracy are being rounded up while the world is distracted by this pandemic. Where will this end?  …
“Leaders have to rise and these systemic, economic and health inequities need to be dealt with. What we don't want to do is just do a paper-over fix,” National Urban League President Marc Morial says about addressing the disparity of coronavirus cases.  
Italy reports 482 more coronavirus deaths - it's lowest daily figure in nearly a month taking the country's total to 23,227 
Spain to extend its #Coronavirus lockdown through May 9, says Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez: AFP news agency
The Coronavirus Rescue Package's Small Business Paycheck Protection Funds Have Run Out. Democrats Are Blocking Additional Help.  …
Mental health update: deteriorating quickly #coronavirus 
Rich people are once again funding bigoted idiots only now it’s to openly court for public death — coincidentally around the same time it’s revealed that the coronavirus pandemic is disproportionately killing Black people. Their efforts are despicable, but your types help them.  …
The city of Los Angeles has filled popular Venice skatepark ⁣⁣ ⁣⁣ Earlier today footage was captured of Venice Skatepark being filled with sand to enforce the skateparks’ closure due to #COVID19 ⁣ ⁣ #coronavirus #socialdistancing 
