Five Britons contract coronavirus in French ski resort  
The upside of getting coronavirus is  with a legit excuse to remove yourself from society
BREAKING: An additional 2,147 cases of #coronavirus have been diagnosed in Hubei, China; the epicenter of the epidemic, taking the province’s total to 27,100. Of note: the provinces testing capacity is now about 6,000 cases a day. The cumulative death toll also rose by 81 to 780.
Five Britons test positive for coronavirus in France  …
Coronavirus deaths surpass SARS toll, with officials reporting more than 800 fatalities in the outbreak  …
how long does it take Coronavirus to reanimate the bodies?
WTF China's first Biosafety Level 4 lab is in Wuhan, the lab investigates "the most dangerous pathogens" which includes #Coronavirus So the virus originated in lab linked to China's biowarfare program 
#Tianjin, a big city next to #Beijing, with a population of 11M, announced lockdown on Feb 6. Over 80 cities in #China locked down to battle #coronavirus  …
Citizen journalist Chen Qiushi covering coronavirus outbreak in China goes missing  
BREAKING: The number of deaths from China's new coronavirus epidemic jumped to 803 on Sunday. The toll is now higher than the global number of deaths caused by the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) virus, which killed 774 people in 2002-2003.  
Zhao Shuzhen is stuck in China because of the coronavirus, so THE FAREWELL director Lulu Wang has accepted her Indie Spirit award instead 
LOOK: The DFA brought back to the Philippines today a total of 30 Filipinos who wished to return home from Wuhan City, ground zero of the 2019 Novel Coronavirus Acute Respiratory Disease (2019-nCoV ARD). | via 
NEW: Tianjin's Baodi District, southeast of Beijing, is being put on lockdown due to coronavirus.
A respected voice in Infectious Disease in Canada has stated that the epidemiologic curve from China has changed over the past few days with fewer new infections than we would have expected. This is cause for cautious optimism. #Coronavirus  …
LEAKED VIDEO SHOWS A HOME ISOLATION IN CHINA DUE TO THE OUTBREAK OF THE CORONAVIRUS 
Forget coronavirus, I have XFL Fever!
Xi-oncé. What steps should Chinese politician Xi Jinping take to minimize the deadly coronavirus pandemic? 
ICYMI: Dr. Li Wenliang, the Chinese doctor who tried to raise awareness of the coronavirus outbreak in its early days, has been memorialized in a smart contract on ethereum after his death of the disease last week.  Report by @WolfieZhao
Scary scenario and quite plausible. Chinese leaders and medical authorities appear to be hiding the truth when  to deaths and the spread of this Coronavirus. Being  state like Russia, they hate appearing weak to the rest of the world.
China Anon posts the truth about #Coronavirus. The death rate is much higher than we are being told. 
How was the Spanish flu, which went on to kill 50 million people, initially covered by the media? "No occasion for panic" #Coronavirus 
The DFA brought back to the Philippines today a total of 30 Filipinos who wished to return home from Wuhan City, ground zero of the 2019 Novel Coronavirus Acute Respiratory Disease (2019-nCoV ARD). @teddyboylocsin #AssistancetoNationals 
The global spread of the coronavirus: Where is it?  …
Coronavirus live updates: New virus has now killed more people than SARS 
Oohh really? @Ditesh_: WTF China's first Biosafety Level 4 lab is in Wuhan, the lab investigates "the most dangerous pathogens" which includes #Coronavirus So the virus originated in lab linked to China's biowarfare program 
A total of 30 Filipinos who sought to return to the Philippines have arrived at the Clark International Airport in Pampanga Sunday early morning from Wuhan, China – the epicenter of the novel coronavirus outbreak. 
I think one of the reasons why the fans were so quiet during the concert was due to sanitary reasons. They needed to be carefull due to the coronavirus outbreak, they all were wearing mask too. Plus the fact there were prolly a lot of curious non fans there too @ATEEZofficial
If you're retweeting unsourced "information" from an anonymous #CoronaVirus account, fucking stop it. Disinformation harms people. This isn't hard.
Tianjin's Baodi District, south of Beijing, has been put on lockdown. #coronavirus
#Breaking #Coronavirus Friends, we can guess what is happening here... Prayers for  …
VIDEO: “Physical isolation is to lock you up....so you can’t get out,” householder is told.  #Hangzhou #PRC #ChairmanXi #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #CCP #WuhanVirus #Beijing
Hero Chinese doctor who tried to warn the world about coronavirus was sent chilling letter by police before he died  …
University of California Santa Cruz has posted the #nCoV genome on its UCSC Genome Browser. This allows scientists worldwide to use #coronavirus genomic data for research, Genome Browser Engineer Hiram Clawson said  … via @medical_xpress
DFA says a total of 30 Filipinos from Wuhan were brought back to the Philippines this morning amid the 2019 novel coronavirus outbreak. | : 
Coronavirus death toll hits 805 as virus claims more lives than 2003 SARS outbreak #CoronavirusOutbreak  
Did Dr. Li Wenliang, the doctor who warned people about the CORONAVIRUS as early as December, die from the virus or was he murdered? CHINESE AUTHORITIES are investigating his death. #wtpTEAM #wtp2020 ⁦  …
Hindus gathered in temples across #Malaysia on Saturday to celebrate the annual Thaipusam festival, despite concerns about the deadly #coronavirus outbreak. 
Brit dad and son, 9, 'infected with coronavirus by guest at French ski resort'  …
Follow us as we take cameras inside the hot zone. Meet the volunteers who work to distribute medical supplies in the #coronavirus epicenter of #Wuhan, 
China's Hubei province reports 81 new deaths from coronavirus on February 8  
WHO asked for $675m for #coronavirus Theyve received <20% from the US, UK, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, Netherlands,Czech Republic, Japan  Trust. A pandemic could cause trillions of damage to the world economy. So why NO CORPORATE contributions? Nothing.
China virus death toll soars to 803, official says: AFP news agency #Coronavirus
Novel #coronavirus death toll has officially surpassed the SARS death toll. SARS outbreak of 02-03 -8 months long -774 deaths -8,096 cases -29 countries Novel Coronavirus Outbreak 19-20 (*All info is current/ongoing) -2 months & 1 week -806 deaths -37,111 cases -25 countries 
Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) fatality rate: WHO and media vs logic and mathematics. -A nice blog piece around crude & other ways to estimate death (keeping in mind all are affected by the data to hand) .  …
Sydney solution for coronavirus evacuees spurned in favour of Christmas Island  … via @smh Hmmm politics never far from the federal government’s consideration.
LATEST: Coronavirus surpasses death toll of SARS. Key developments: --More than 800 dead in just two months. SARS killed 774 in 2002-2003 --Hubei province deaths at 780; confirmed cases at 27,100 --World’s retailers take hit as Chinese shoppers stay home 
Trudeau just spent $10,000,000 of your money for this photo op. Just gave it away. Don't pretend this is a trade trip -- Ethiopia's per capita GDP is $1,000/year. It's Trudeau's third vacation of 2020, a way to run away from his real problems, from Coronavirus to the Teck mine.  …
people who make coronavirus jokes when they see an asian person are genuinely cringe
BREAKING: Death toll for new coronavirus hits 805, exceeding that of SARS  …
From empty shopping streets to shuttered stores, the rapid spread of the #coronavirus is taking a toll on global retailers. @TomMackenzieTV walked the streets of Beijing to see what happens when Chinese consumers stay home. Read more via @business:  
Coronavirus case numbers stabilising, says WHO - one hour later Coronavirus Death Toll Rises to 805, Surpassing SARS 
A #coronavirus-infected woman gives birth to a boy whose first nucleic acid test associated with the novel coronavirus was negative on Feb 8 in E China's Zhejiang. The infant is under intensive care and will be tested again later. Best wishes to the newborn! 
The first American died of the coronavirus AND five US service members were killed in Afghanistan but the ONLY thing on @realdonaldtrump* agenda is defending his #OrangeFace. Bravo, @GOP! A real dud you’ve got there!  …
Five Britons contract coronavirus in French ski resort  
The total number of people who have died from the ongoing coronavirus outbreak worldwide has reached 805
To #HongKong with love: my heart & mind are with you, even if my body can't be As you endure #hongkongpolicebrutality and #coronavirus, I will do all I can to get Britain & the world to help Even if Britain never does its duty to you, I will always do mine 
Coronavirus Update 2.8.20: 37,111 Cases world wide. 806 Dead. #CoronavirusOutbreak #WuhanVirus #CoronaOutbreak 
Dele Alli accused of filming "racist" video mocking Asian man and deadly coronavirus  
The coronavirus disease spreading around the world has killed 805 people, exceeding the death toll from the global outbreak of SARS that started in China almost 2 decades ago. Reported cases in China alone exceed 36,600 less than 2 months after surfacing in late December in Wuhan
This is how a COMMUNIST state “works with its people” to address a public health crisis. This is what YOU can look forward to if the UN succeeds their #Agenda21 #ClimateFraud objectives. Wake up! #coronavirus #auspol #ClimateEmergency 
Confirmed death toll: 2020 Coronavirus: 806 (in 29 days) 2003 SARS: 774 (in 9 months) #coronavirus
The #coronavirus disease spreading around the world has killed 805 people, exceeding the death toll from the global outbreak of SARS that started in China almost two decades ago.  
Confirmation that five British nationals who stayed at a French Alpine ski resort have tested positive for the coronavirus could not  at a worse moment. Normally this time of year, the village is invaded by thousands of tourists  
Dr. Francis Boyle, who drafted the Biological Weapons Act has given a detailed statement admitting that the 2019 Wuhan Coronavirus is an offensive Biological Warfare Weapon and that the World Health Organization (WHO) already knows it.
the problem we face in discussing coronavirus is our blindspot to outlier events, and by extension existential risk. a new, lethal,  virus, if even contained, is *certainly* more dangerous than a widespread flu we already understand. and this isn't contained.
5 months ago the Morrison Gvnmt deported 2 innocent Australian born children & their parents to an Island prison with no other inmates. Now they are in a crowded quarantine centre for the #coronavirus.This mental trauma will scare them for life.  …
The Chinese government has agreed to allow an international team to travel into the country to assist in investigating the new coronavirus, the World Health Organization's director general says. 
According to this latest literature review article,the #coronavirus can persist on surfaces (metal, glass, plastic...etc) for up to 9 days. 70% ethanol based disinfectants with 0.5 % hydrogen peroxide are efficient in cleaning surfaces and hands (leave it for 1 min. to evaporate) 
BREAKING: The coronavirus is now deadlier than SARS. The death toll has risen to more than 800 in about two months. 
BREAKING: Number of confirmed coronavirus cases rises to 37,100+
This is from 4chins so take this with a grain of salt, but one poster extrapolated from the SO2 release data and estimated 14,000 bodies would have to be burnt to reach this level of emissions. #coronavirus 
Confirmed #coronavirus cases by country: 36,751 & 804 dead 89 40 32 26 & 1 dead 24 17 16 15 14 13 12 11 10 7 5 3 & 1 dead 3 3 3 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 TOTAL Infected: 37,105 Deaths: 806 Map: 
BREAKING: Coronavirus death toll has surpassed that of SARS
NEW: Death toll from outbreak of coronavirus rises to 806, surpassing the death toll of the SARS outbreak  …
BREAKING: Coronavirus death toll passes 800
UPDATE: The death toll from the global #coronavirus outbreak has risen to 805, passing the SARS death toll in two months. China's Hubei province has also reported 2,147 additional cases as of Feb. 8, lifting the total to 27,100 
Prince Andrew delivers 'message from Queen' to China over coronavirus | World News | Sky News ⁦ @VRSVirginia⁩ Hang on a minute! Hasn’t PA stepped back? Step the f**k BACK #PrinceAndrew NO ONE WANTS YOU REPRESENTING THIS COUNTRY whatever HM  …
The Communist Government of China is hiding the actual number of deaths from the #Coronavirus , they say they are burning the bodies on a daily basis! 
BREAKING: 81 new coronavirus deaths
FAQ: Will wearing a mask protect me from #flu Or #coronavirus? Answer: Face mask use by the general public -- people without symptoms who are not caring for others -- has little or no benefit and potentially great harm if people who need masks can't get them.
BREAKING: Epicenter of coronavirus outbreak reports 2,147 new cases and 81 new deaths  …
From the same time, using the same scale - notice that the emissions are heightened across the board. Only other city  near to it is Chongquing, which is also afflicted by the #coronavirus. 
Wuhan pneumonia: China confirms New Coronavirus transmission via aerosol through air China's official health department confirmed on Saturday (February 8) that the new coronavirus can be transmitted through the air. 
#NEW: 800 American citizens/residents have now been evacuated from Wuhan, China & will be screened/monitored for the coronavirus.
I am very worried about the situation in China, in the world & in France. I believe we are facing many deaths & difficult times. Probably a drastic reduction in the world population. I now advise you to "panic intelligently" & I wish you to be protected by Fortune. #coronavirus 
VIDEO: - Senate acquits Trump; - #Coronavirus kills hundreds in #China; - No winner in #IowaCaucus; - @FBI's mea 
"There are sensible voices that are emerging." How scientists are using social media to counter coronavirus misinformation 
Although people can't visit light exhibitions for the Lantern's Festival this year due to the epidemic, they can still enjoy the dazzling scenery from past years online  Wish we can defeat the #coronavirus soon and  the next festival joyfully with the loved ones 
Via Disgraced Son "Queen Elizabeth conveys message of sympathy for coronavirus victims via disgraced son Andrew" 
"The myth surrounding him has shattered." Chinese leader Xi Jinping faces a battle against the coronavirus and an intense volley of public rage. 
PROTECT THE PANGOLINS: Pangolins are having a rough start to 2020 — along with scientists believing the "scaly anteaters" are a host of coronavirus, pangolins are also one of the most trafficked animals in Asia, putting the entire species at risk  
Russian Emergencies Ministry's Il-76 delivers humanitarian aid to China. It includes medicine and means of individual protection. #nCoV #FightVirus #coronavirus 
Factbox: Carmakers close Chinese factories because of coronavirus  
There is an extreme shortage of protective suits and masks for healthcare workers at all Wuhan hospitals . Yet the doctors and nurses still work day in and day out. No wonder 41% infected cases acquired within a . So brave of those healthcare workers. #coronavirus  …
In an attempt to reestablish control of the narrative around the new coronavirus outbreak, China is shutting down social media accounts and reining in aggressive coverage of initial government missteps that may have contributed to the spread of the virus. 
Singapore reports 7 new cases of coronavirus; 4 patients in the city-state are now in critical condition  …
#auspol #Insiders Seems the Morrison/Dutton decision to use Christmas Island to quarantine possible coronavirus carriers was vindictive, racist, menacing, intimidatory and somewhat malevolant when set against advice that the people evacuated could have been brought to Richmond.
Prof. @timsout is on @abcnews Weekend Breakfast right now - he says "we should not be seeing any division in  over #coronavirus - this is an opportunity for us  together as  
I am concerned. Someone who claimed to be a lab technician in Huoshenshan hospital, wuhan, made this post. His timestamp matches details from media photos of huoshenshan hospital, esp the decontamination room. #Coronavirus  
Reports that China is lying to the world over the amount of infected and dead as a result of the corona virus. #coronavirus #china 
Hong Kong’s Cathay Pacific group has cancelled more than half of its flights for next two months amid coronavirus outbreak  …
BREAKING NEWS: Eminem has just been diagnosed with Coronavirus.. Statement released by doctors: It has been revealed that his palms were sweaty, knees weak and arms were heavy.. He presented with vomit on his sweater already.. Initial testing has revealed it was mums spaghetti
White House Asks Scientists & Médical Researchers To Investigate Origins of Coronavirus CAN this lead to the downfall of the CCP terror regime?  …
Problems with nucleic acid tests (NATs) widely used to identify the presence of #coronavirus in #China make it likely that many infections are going uncounted even as the number of confirmed cases continues to spiral.  
mans treating the cat like its coronavirus
Most heart breaking Video... A baby who has coronavirus want's a hug from the doctor May Allah give healing to this child, and bring this doctor in hidayat 
Five Britons contract coronavirus in French ski resort  
Not sure Pjanic could even pass the coronavirus to someone rn
"At least one of every two instances of human-to-human transmission of the new coronavirus is believed to occur while the first patient is not yet showing symptoms," says Japanese study  …
Coronavirus Bioweapon - How China Stole Coronavirus From Canada And Weaponized It  …
Antifa is the Coronavirus of leftists — spreading rapidly, deadly, and leftist government officials are powerless to stop it, by choice.  …
My video of coronavirus rescue flight and impact to aviation is now live  ) The video look at many rescue flight ops out of Wuhan plus latest news and development of airlines affected by the outbreak of coronavirus. #Coronavirus 
All this talk about the coronavirus. I will admit, I have not been paying much attention cause we seem to have one of these panics every two or three years. What's different this time (if anything)
Chinese citizen journalist who has brought the world the truth on coronavirus emergency disappears from the streets of Wuhan days after whistleblower doctor died  …
Let's listen to @JJCarafano. He tells us #China's regime is awful through and through. The #coronavirus outbreak is just the latest scourge from an irredeemable political system.  …
Yang says quarantines are appropriate; says he would appoint a coronavirus czar. Calls anti-Asian racism unfortunate but part of human nature. Interesting.
Today: 34,963 confirmed cases. It look like the American news media is just now waking up to the coronavirus story.  …
#coronavirus Dr. Plummer, the head of the Canadian Microbiology lab where a Chinese researcher supposedly co-opted samples of coronavirus, has died in Kenya during a conference - "mysterious conditions". But don't worry, I'm sure it's nothing. 
Eighty-six people die of coronavirus in a DAY in China as Beijing begins mass arrest of sufferers 
Some truths about the coronavirus, according to @WHO  #coronavirus 
The Trump administration is seriously underprepared to tackle the coronavirus. 
Ok so if coronavirus doesn’t kill the people in China, ...China will kill them by spraying toxic chemicals for them to breathe! This is out of control and they’re way over their heads on a solution! UNBELIEVABLE!  …
Bank of Italy says coronavirus may have significant impact on growth  
Latest numbers on the coronavirus. 12 confirmed cases in the US and over 700 deaths world wide. China is reporting 34,000 confirmed cases(if accurate). President Trump states the CDC and the WHO is working on a serum to block the cases. The whistleblower on the virus has died 
Another citizen who was vocal in alerting the world to the coronavirus has “disappeared” after being dragged away by the Chinese government despite being healthy. The Libs in Hollywood still feel like defending violating human  or nah?  …
So I agree that it shouldn't be "don't worry about coronavirus--worry about flu," but rather "it's totally understandable to be concerned about CV, but it's also influenza season, and doing these things will help protect you from either." /4
From silent public transportation to empty public squares to supermarkets with bare shelves, see how the #coronavirus has turned China's megacities into ghost towns in @business' photo essay:  
What the new reports on spread of coronavirus in hospitals mean medical facilities need to do:  …
Its basically a cold with flu like symptoms For perspective the garden variety flu has killed 100,000 so far this season in the USA alone In China 20,000 people die EVERY DAY from ALL CAUSES #CoronaVirus = #MedicalPanic #coronaviruschina #coronavirususa #Coronavirustruth  
Chinese Goverment is hiding the truth about #coronavirus deaths and confirmed cases are way more then they say.. 
Xi Jinping has turned invisible during China's coronavirus epidemic, likely to cover his back in case things go badly wrong  … via @businessinsider
The WHO claims to be fighting misinformation about the coronavirus. If that's true, then they should be fighting the Chinese government for trying to cover up the outbreak, arresting people for Tweeting about it, and promoting bogus Traditional Chinese Medicine to treat it.
 party tries distancing itself from #coronavirus. Won’t work. They own this - now a global health crisis. CCP fundamentally corrupt. Another reminder USA needs to decouple its key supply chains from China  …
Another Leaked Video of Chinese authorities WELDING SHUT whole apartment buildings with residents inside. What if there’s a fire? #coronavirus 
The @coronavirus appears, like SARS, to be particularly susceptible to spreading within hospitals.  …
Another way to supress the #CoronaVirus infection and death toll numbers... welding doors shut with people trapped inside. An extreme measure  a normal flu. They are lying to us! 
The Chinese Communist Party’s tactics are always the same: deny and deceive. The CCP must be straight with the world on Coronavirus. Global health is not something that can be scrubbed by the CCP’s censors.  …
Chinese officials note serious problems in coronavirus response. The World Health Organization keeps praising them. 
IN PICTURES: The normally-packed stores and streets of Beijing are eerily empty as #coronavirus fears keep residents at home 
LOOK: Drone footage shows the empty streets of #Wuhan, China under its #coronavirus quarantine 
Germans and their families aboard a British charter plane just left #Wuhan on their way home. We wish safe travels to all. Big thanks to authorities for their exceptional support! #coronavirus
China did not allow the U.S to physically have a presence to help with the coronavirus in China. Nuff said.
We at CDC offer our condolences to the family of the American citizen who lost his life to novel #coronavirus while in Wuhan, China. We remain vigilant in our efforts to respond to #2019nCoV and continue working to prevent further spread and impact of the virus around the world.
Here's what isn't being said about #coronavirus: for 15 years the United States ran a research program called PREDICT to identify & stop pandemics. It was shut down in October.  …
From empty shopping streets to shuttered stores, the rapid spread of the #coronavirus is taking a toll on global retailers. @TomMackenzieTV walked the streets of Beijing to see what happens when Chinese consumers stay home. Read more via @business:  
86 more deaths from the coronavirus were reported in China, pushing the death toll in China past 700. Follow updates on the coronavirus here. 
4chan post from doctor in Wuhan reveals the CCP is lying about the deaths, real numbers are 200-400 deaths a day  … #coronavirus 
大家好! Today we’re getting lunch over in Chinatown. False rumors about coronavirus are putting local businesses in the red. There’s no coronavirus in Houston. Don’t let these rumors stop you from supporting  
Parents infected with coronavirus! Helpless little girl! 
#DiamondPrincess The US told the Japanese government that the US does not intend to disembark or leave Japan promptly, based on the decision made by the "U.S. health officials" that a 14-day quarantine period on board is the "best way" to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.  …
Last week a French plane evacuated British citizens. Today, a British plane is helping French citizens  back home. Bilateral cooperation at its best. Thank you @foreignoffice! #Coronavirus  …
Obviously, we don’t know enough about the Coronavirus; we only know it’s not your average flu. China isn’t telling us all it knows, so we shouldn’t allow travelers from China or other affected countries in and out of the U.S. until we learn more.  …
Officially airborne - Confirmed routes of the novel #coronavirus now includes aerosol transmission. “Aerosol transmission refers to the mixing of the virus with droplets in the air to form aerosols, which causes infection after inhalation”.  …
The world will very soon realize that producing everything in China was a very bad idea. #coronavirus
White people literally brought disease to America and this is how they respond to Coronavirus lmao. Okay SMALLPOX  …
What are countries doing  coronavirus?  #coronavirus 
Nintendo does not expect the coronavirus to have an impact on Switch sales in North America & Europe #Repost  
This is why I laugh when anyone suggests Americans should give up their guns. No fucking way. Do you think these cowards could snatch people from their homes if the citizens of China were armed? #coronavirus  …
People in China are using the internet to track the coronavirus outbreak. But if they amplify the wrong thing, they could get arrested.  …
So Prince Andrew has been doing his own freelance diplomatic socialising with the Chinese ambassador to the UK @AmbLiuXiaoMing. He was invited with @SarahTheDuchess for #ChineseNewYear. The Ambassador says Andrew brought a message of support from The Queen on #coronavirus 
Me looking at Chinese nationals in Zambian shopping malls wearing masks and wondering if their embassy has told them something we don't know. #Coronavirus 
Good. Let this be a wake up call for humans. Snorting, eating or drinking pangolin scales does not cure a hangover, does not make your tiny body parts grow bigger or treat any ailments it just kills Pangolins. #humancull #Pangolins #coronavirussingapore #coronavirus  …
Drones in China are detecting and yelling at people without masks. #coronavirus 
Coverage of coronavirus in UK media is shocking. A terrible health disaster is being used as a stick to beat Chinese govt. Response reeks of xenophobia+racism. Read this article. Puts whole thing in perspective. Calls out Western response. Powerful stuff.  …
A desperate regime leaves corpses in the street but is seizing citizen journalists, lone voices of truth, from their homes. Why is Beijing so afraid? #China #coronavirus  …
Coronavirus Super-Spreader Infects 57 in Hospital @biancoresearch 40 healthcare workers 17 others presumed infected by a superspreader. China ignores offers of help from the CDC and WHO. It doesn't want US investigating the alleged number of  …
Five Britons contract coronavirus in French ski resort  
Chad Wolf, the acting secretary for the Department of Homeland Security, told @ABC News in an interview that the U.S. has in place "sufficient" protocols  the coronavirus. 
WHO chief ⁦ @DrTedros⁩ warns against 'trolls and conspiracy theories' of the #coronavirus  …
Thread by @Laurie_Garrett: Shanghai scientists announced that the #2019nCoV #coronavirus can travel distances in the air when contained insid 10-50 microns in size. On one level this is surprising, because control efforts have focused on closer contact i…  …
Is Coronavirus the first global issue where our collective first instinct is to assume what we’re being told - both officially as well as in viral videos - is fabricated? What are the implications of that?
Final print files have been approved and Dusty Tortillas #1 is printing as we speak. Because we care about quality and providing a superior product, we decided to avoid print ninja. Our books are being printed in the USA and are guaranteed Coronavirus free.
Coronavirus: Why infections from animals are such a deadly problem  
Discussing the Crypto market being affected by CoronaVirus  …
Tesla to resume Giga Shanghai production on Feb. 10 as government steps in to aid amid coronavirus outbreak  …
Dear @vivekagnihotri do read tbis... Cannabis can get you stoned ( #UrbanNazis not immune) but it does not kill #coronavirus? Vivek Agnihotri shares scientific misinformation via meme  … via @AltNews
#coronavirus Propaganda Banner: “While you stay at home during pandemic, remember 2 child policy is now open to everyone. You can also contribute to the country by creating 2nd child” -Luoyang Bureau of Health and Family Planning 
I’m urging the Administration to fully fund pandemic preparedness and response efforts in light of the global Coronavirus outbreak in their  proposed budget. It’s critical we do everything possible to keep Michiganders & all Americans safe.  …
a woman with a mask is crying ， “help，my husband is dying，i dont know what to do…” in #Coronavirus quarantine zone possibly #wuhan due to dialect this happens a lot in self quarantine familes，desperation all over the city  …
Chinese Citizen Journalist Disappears In #China: @GordonGChang Warns of #Coronavirus Origin  …
Your budget cuts and firings have left America unprepared to handle the #Coronavirus. But go ahead, #OrangeFace, spend your day reading the  …
Coronavirus: 12 Americans aboard quarantined Diamond Princess cruise ship in Japan test positive for virus; Passengers speak out  …
@howroute #coronavirus #wuhan #WuhanCoronavirus #savefangbin @sotiridi @DrEricDing @Dali_Yang @StephenMcDonell @jenniferatntd @blackcat1981 A leak  from a Wuhan Hospital via 4chan. Leaker states between 200-400 deaths a day. Much higher fatality rate. God help 
Must-read Caixin report on a Wuhan hospital ICU dealing with coronavirus patients, told from one doctor’s perspective. He watched a pregnant woman die because her family couldn’t afford to continue treatment. Extraordinary details.  …
Hero Chinese doctor who first warned of coronavirus outbreak before it killed him was warned by police 
The true cost of China's coronavirus cover-up: How state censorship let the outbreak spread  
What is the biggest danger here? Bashar al-Assad killed +560000 Corona virus killed +560 #coronavirus #idlib 
Chinese Non Muslims attend Jummah prayer. They don't know Qibla concept and from where go out turn face for prayer (Salah) May ALLAH guide them all back to Islam. Aameen #coronavirus 
On 1/31, Dutch talk show Jinek talked about dogs wearing face masks to protect them them from coronavirus. Marcel Levi, a consultant physician at the University College Hospital in London, said, "I didn't know Chinese people loved dogs so much. I thought the only ate them." 
The guy who shot this got arrested shortly. Watch and you will know why #coronavirus 
Now is the ideal time to acknowledge validated #handhygiene improvement tools, for use in all countries. If we want to influence #behaviour we have to first understand #healthworker perceptions. The time investment is worth it!  … #coronavirus #2019nCoV
Thailand's health minister says Western tourists should be kicked out of the country for not wearing facemasks during coronavirus scare 
Just saw this dumb sh*t while leaving the airport To anyone creating online “content” around this deadly Coronavirus, we hate you. Period. Stop making light of a very serious issue. 
200208 Mokdong fansign Q: I like Aisha very much and I wish I had an unnie like you. Aisha: Then do you want to be my little sister? Aisha also wrote "don't get sick, miss you." and said be careful of coronavirus recently. #에버글로우 #아샤 #EVERGLOW #Aisha cr. 
1st U.S. Citizen Dies From Coronavirus Amid More Evacuations From China  … 
Chinese state-run media edit Xi’s talk with WHO chief, in which he said he had “personally directed” the coronavirus response, to say Xi has been “collectively directing” it. Clear intent to shift blame away from & insulate Xi in case this gets much worse.  …
Key takeaways from new @JAMA_current #coronavirus study (1/2) 1. #2019nCoV appears more infectious & less fatal than SARS & MERS 2.Most patients present with fever and cough, but some have atypical symptoms like diarrhea, fatigue, sore  …
On Feb 8, the night of traditional Chinese Lantern Festival, landmarks of multiple cities in China were lit up to encourage and bless for Wuhan, the epicenter of the novel #coronavirus outbreak. 
America: Ha, coronavirus! What about the flu? China: 86 people die in 1 day China: Starts mass arrests of suspected carriers China: barricades infected inside their homes China: arrests anyone found reporting on coronavirus China: puts out massive disinformation campaign
“If the words of Dr. Li had not been treated as rumours, if every citizen was allowed to ... voice the truth, ... we would not have a national catastrophe with an international impact.” #Chinese academics call for justice for #coronavirus whistle-blower  …
Coronavirus: WHO chief warns against 'trolls and conspiracy theories' 
British children in French coronavirus probe attended local school: mayor  
"..Frank Plummer who received Saudi SARS Coronavirus sample and was working on Coronavirus (HIV) vaccine in the Winnipeg based Canadian lab from where the virus was smuggled by Chinese Biowarfare agents and weaponized.. has died in mysterious conditions."  …
Police forced the doctor to sign a statement claiming he was spreading falsehoods about the coronavirus. 
Five Britons contract coronavirus in French ski resort | Article [AMP] | Reuters  …
An American citizen in China has died from coronavirus as the global death toll rises to 725 
Most of of the news today is about the coronavirus and Democrats, I don't know which is worse. Both spread by Human contact and they both make you sick.
Newspaper article during the 1918 spanish flu disaster #coronavirus 
On Xi's disappearance from public view during the recent coronavirus crisis: “He’s doing what Mao and Deng would have done in similar circumstances: stepping back into the shadows while remaining firmly in charge.” 
So will one of these flimsy little blue masks everyone is wearing prevent me from dying from #CoronaVirus?
Five Britons staying in a chalet at a French ski resort have been diagnosed with #coronavirus, the country's health minister says 
Soraka is coronavirus of Summoner's rift.
I'd rather be called a "racist" than die of Coronavirus.  …
Want to read how the media treated the last devastating flu pandemic that eventually lead to 50million dead ? Read about the Spanish flu below. #coronavirus 
2/8 #coronavirus There are 6 crematoriums in Wuhan. Let’s use average 176 coronavirus death/day/crematorium. 176*6 =1056 Assume deaths in Wuhan counts 90% of total China’s coronavirus death/day 1056/90%= 1173 Assume it started a month Total death =1173*30 = 35200 OMG 
“What happens if this coronavirus proves much worse than we expected? The Chinese government is already under scrutiny for downplaying the risks. Why would American news outlets want to repeat the error?”  …
That nigga Jaden was running from that coronavirus way before we was hip 
Residents are welded inside their apartment blocks and left to die. The Chinese Communist Party is lying to the world about the severity of the #CoronaVirus. 
Kiko couldn't catch Coronavirus if he licked every bat in china #lufc
2/8 #coronavirus Epoch Time interviewed a Wuhan crematorium staff- - 11 burner 50 minutes/body - two shifts each staff sleep 2-3h/day - Gov requires body pick-up within 1.5 hours after death - Estimate: this midsize crematorium cremates about 176 bodies/day. Hankou is larger. 
Title sums it up: “Coronavirus is  it to the flu is worse”. We need to stop the virus whataboutism. It’s not helpful to solving either epidemics.  …
How to beat novel coronavirus 
“But so many Westerners only know Wuhan in the context of the coronavirus outbreak. They don’t know that we have famous authors and scholars and actors, or great street food, or hot summers. They don’t know that we’re known for our schools.”  …
Coronavirus could make Latin American exports to China plummet. The most affected countries would  exporters whose share of exports to China is bigger: •Chile 34% •Peru 28% •Brazil 26%  …
A Belgian expert appreciates China's efforts in fighting #coronavirus. 
Wuhan tonight. Sounds of anger and hope. #Coronavius #CoronaOutbreak #coronavirus #coronaviruschina #Wuhan 
As of Friday there were more than 31,000 confirmed coronavirus cases in China, with more than 670 deaths, according to figures released by the World Health Organization (WHO). 
#coronavirus the sewage system of the hospital? Where does it lead? Oh that’s right the ocean... fuck! 
Alarming visuals from an emergency room in a hospital in #China, body bags piling up as the #CoronaVirus cases increase daily #Wuhan 
Five Britons contract coronavirus in French ski resort  
We should all be aware of Coronavirus, retweet for the laughs, retweet for scaremongering, or retweet as an early warning . Either way it doesn’t matter. Maybe buy a few more tinned goods just in case. Yes it’s a silly tweet but if it makes you think, it’s worth it
Factbox: Carmakers close Chinese factories because of coronavirus  
So if (as the Panda-lovers keep saying) the coronavirus is no worse than the flu that hits the U.S. every year, why do we have the biggest quarantines ever and the entire country of China has essentially shut  …
Brands with some associations to the word “coronavirus” are issuing unusual clarifications to consumers 
The Coronavirus death and infection count is still linear, which means detection is mechanized and not at full scale, or China is using the same math that counts their GDP
Shanghai scientists announced that the #2019nCoV #coronavirus can travel distances in the air when contained inside droplets of 10-50 microns in size. On one level this is surprising, because control efforts have focused on closer contact issues. BUT MORE   …
Early reports suggested that the new coronavirus infected many more men than women, but now a study of 138 cases finds that just over half are male. 
#Coronavirus: Foreigners who went to China after January 15 not allowed to enter India, says DGCA
Spread of #coronavirus by day. (GIF) 
Eighty-six people die of coronavirus in a DAY in China as Beijing begins mass arrest of sufferers 
Plummer, 67, was in Kenya, where he was a keynote speaker at the University of Nairobi Dr. Plummer collapsed and was taken to hospital in Nairobi, where he was pronounced dead on arrival. No confirmed cause of death has yet been released.  … #CoronaVirus
Coronavirus: WHO chief warns against 'trolls and conspiracy theories' 
"chinese people eat weird stuff, that's how coronavirus happened"  …
Right... Pick a scary looking animal to blame the #Coronavirus on... Never mind the BLS-4 BioWeapons lab located in Wuhan China at the center of the outbreak...  …
Pangolins, the heavily trafficked, scaly mammal, may have spread coronavirus to humans  … ... Poor pangolins... Hardly anybody knows you and yet you are the cause of this? I don't believe them...
Thanks to everyone who gave feedback on the #coronavirus tracker #rstats app, it helped greatly improve it and make corrections You can now see data by city , over time, and more.  
This ones for the Indian Twitteratis who WERE SHEDDING TEARS for Pakistan Students stuck in #Wuhan & literally making emotional appeals to PM Modi Indian Govt to evacuate them on "Humanitarian" grounds. HERE IS YOUR PAYBACK- YOU WERE SUPPORTING THESE C******** #Coronavirus 
He figured out the Coronavirus quicker than the CDC (via ig/sethtown_pudge17) 
This is what happens in a propaganda  country! Chinese doctor arrested for warning the public about Coronavirus!! Coming to a city near you if the progressives have their way!  …
Coronavirus can be transmitted by an infected person long before he shows symptoms . Western govts have surely considered the possibility that terrorists may infect themselves, and spend their asymptomatic time spreading germs in airports and train stations.
Now it turns out that after infecting 5 people in a ski resort, the coronavirus victim went to a pub in Hove. It appears that the authorities are concealing information, and by doing so they are making a disaster more likely.  …
Markets are not pricing in the Coronavirus because investors are confident that central banks will cover any production gaps with free money. It's... That... Simple...  …
Everyday you go to work  back...in peace. That's not possible in many countries right now, like in China (where the fear of coronavirus is keeping everyone home), America (where people are shot at random by crazed men). So join me in saying "I'm proud to be Nigerian!"
Have all the tech billionaires fled to their New Zealand bunkers yet for #coronavirus ? When they do we should have parties in their SF houses.
#2019nCoV: The highest rate of death from novel coronavirus infections is among people 80 & older, @mvankerkhove said during @WHO's Saturday press briefing, which you can watch here. I asked for more detail — rates by age cohorts — but didn't  …
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan #coronavirus  04 #FBR
Coughed on the metro Could have used two fewer women glaring at me like I was about to contaminate them (Could do With way less media narrative on the whole coronavirus being an Asian thing)
Just left Lackland Air Force Base in #SanAntonio where 91 individuals who were returned from China are being quarantined to check for signs of #coronavirus. Here’s an update: 
Singapore raised its alert level to 'orange' as it continues to battle the #coronavirus outbreak, a move that sparked a shopping frenzy.  
Ighalo kept off Manchester United training camp over Coronavirus scare »  …
I would be losing my mind if I was 16 and trapped in a tiny cruise ship room with no windows and bunk beds and my parents and sibling and an outbreak of Coronavirus but these teens are being EXTREMELY CHILL:  …
The first coronavirus case was apparently detected on Dec 12, but “local officials hid the statistics for weeks, fearful of falling afoul of Communist Party higher-ups by reporting anything that undermined ‘stability.’” That is, power over public health.  
In the middle of the coronavirus epidemic, President Xi of China slipped out of public view for an entire week. Some suggested that the retreat signaled an effort to distance himself from the political risks he faces if efforts to contain the virus fail. 
“How I survived coronavirus" Jia Na, a 24-year-old girl in Wuhan, managed to survive the #coronavirus infection after self-quarantine at home for 11 days. She posted her story online, hoping it would give other patients hope to fight the disease at this difficult time. 
The Chinese doctor turned coronavirus whistleblower died recently. Imagine living in a totalitarian regime, where the party/government is never wrong. Where the solution to all problems is more government. This is what the Democrats want for America.
Shout out to all the dudes who helpfully explained to me yesterday that the #nCoV2019 #coronavirus intermediate host is definitely and absolutely pangolins because university press releases are just as good as actual data.  …
Five Britons contract coronavirus in French ski resort  
Coronavirus is  We have all lived through SARS, Pig Flu, Bird Flu, African Killer Bees, acid rain.... and many media hysterias. Is Coronavirus also mass hysteria? We don't know! It's strange that the media downplays it. Appeasing China at public health risk?
Five British nationals including a child have tested positive for the new coronavirus in France, the health minister said, adding that they had all stayed at the same ski chalet  
Despite #China's #coronavirus outbreak, which closed #Hyundai's plants in #SouthKorea, the European plants of European carmakers continue to operate because they source parts close to their assembly lines:  . #ProximityManufacturing
“What happens if this coronavirus proves much worse than we expected? The Chinese government is already under scrutiny for downplaying the risks. Why would American news outlets want to repeat the error?” Exactly! Great piece in Wired.  …
26 Countries Hit with Cases of Coronavirus as Death Toll Continues to Rise  …
This #Coronavirus is airborne which means this is unstoppable, it can also remain on a surface for up to 5-9 days. Speechless.
The rapid spread of the #coronavirus is alarming scientists and the general public alike. But the rumor mill is churning out false information just as fast. Here's everything you need to know, and what you should ignore:  
The people at Stand News have done it again! It's like Space Defender, only with Carrie Lam, #coronavirus, and frontliners holding up surgical masks But also... what are the ppl at Stand News on, because I want in on some of it. 
Fear can be more harmful than coronavirus, Singapore PM says after run on shops  
New on MoA: An Epidemic Recedes Number Of New Coronavirus Cases Declines  
What part of Silence=Death does the Chinese government not understand and how many more dead before they get it? Citizen journalist who was documenting #coronavirus in Wuhan now reported disappeared  …
A woman infected with the novel #coronavirus pneumonia gave birth to a boy with no infection in east China's Zhejiang Province  
Eighty-six people die of coronavirus in a DAY in China as Beijing begins mass arrest of sufferers 
Commentators are swiftly posting conclusion about coronavirus outbreak  …
Spiderman you are next. #coronavirus 
“Several churches have been closed & Masses suspended in China due to coronavirus outbreak. Many Catholics have begun meeting in their homes, praying together. Some spend their time copying bible verses” via @VaticanNews Let’s pray for them & all affected by the 
#coronavirus doesn't block love. 24 hours in Wuhan Part 2 
Column. Coronavirus and other things going wrong on the Internet.  …
Medical workers at the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak say overwhelmed services and a dearth of protective equipment are putting them at risk of the infection 
"Don't ask any questions about the #Wuhan #CoronaVirus... It isn't even more dangerous than the normal flu" -All international mainstream media #StopFlightsFromChina 
Germaphobes, good on you You guys are probably the best prepared for the #coronavirus. Get ready ya’ll.  and it moves fast. Get ready. 
Why bats may be to blame for spreading China's deadly coronavirus 
Got a new review done and I hope to upload it tomorrow! Taking it easy now, been listening to a lot of shortwave stations out of Asia for updates on the Coronavirus. How's everyone's weekend going so far?
UN is now using coronavirus as a fundraising tool. Disgusting What if China fails to contain the coronavirus outbreak?  …
We do not know what is going happen with #coronavirus #2019nCoV ... But doesn't it make sense to have a couple of weeks of supplies anyway? As usual - use at least 2 sources for news. Some media use emergencies for click bait. Use  sense. 
[NEWS] Broadcasting stations take up precautionary measures against novel coronavirus... Music broadcasts will be recorded with no audiences 
Chinese  @JD_Corporate has provided automated logistics robot to deliver medical supply to the frontline of anti-epidemic battles. #coronavirus 
Short Prayer: Dear Lord, We pray for those sick with the coronavirus, their families, & medical staff. Please watch over them in Jesus' name amen.
How the Chinese govt reprimanded Dr Li Wenliang, now dead from coronavirus (translated via @alanwongw). A very stark reminder of what it’s like to live under an authoritarian 
NOW STREET CHEMTRAILS TO ADD TO THE ONES IN THE SKY! China is now spraying chemicals in the street to 'combat the coronavirus'. And they are just a model for that which  our way. A model for the NWO. Hell on earth. 
‘KathNiel’ calls for responsible social media use to spread awareness about coronavirus  … @InqEnt #KathNiel #KathrynBernardo #DanielPadilla #Entertainment #socialmedia #coronavirus Follow & like Inquirer Entertainment on Facebook, Twitter & Instagram
Got my eyes on names w/ #coronavirus exposure like $NVDA as it derives ~70% of its rev from Asia (24% in China)- Bloomberg. $AMAT (82% from Asia) If it was any indication, AMAT’s peer $KLAC missed guidance expectations this wk & coronavirus was among the chief reasons. $BABA  …
Video of a nurse worked for 11 consecutive days kissing her fiancé through the glass goes viral on Chinese social media. Their plan of marrying on Valentine's day was disrupted as the bride-to-be is fighting in the frontline against #coronavirus. Salute to the medical staff! 
Infection control doesn't have to  Often, all it takes is washing your hands - and keeping them clean - the right way. Download these guides - share them with family and friends - and keep them "handy"! #coronavirus #handwashing #handrubbing 
Chinese citizen journalist who has brought the world the truth on coronavirus emergency disappears from the streets of Wuhan 
Coronavirus Is Bad. Comparing It to the Flu Is Worse | WIRED  …
Had a dream lackland failed to keep the coronavirus quarantined and there was a huge outbreak that started the zombie apocalypse???... so that was cool...
#China 's central government has ordered #Wuhan to "ROUND UP" all 'suspected' coronavirus patients as well as their close contacts in mass quarantine camps (even if your suspected!! It's basically a breeding ground for the #coronavirus and a death camp)  …
JAMA paper basically corroborates the depressing stat that >500 healthcare workers been infected by #coronavirus in #Wuhan alone  … My heart goes out to all these heroes who put their lives at risk fighting at frontline! Remember these angels' marks! 
#Hyundai has suspended car production in #SouthKorea due to a lack of parts from #China. This shutdown, the result of the #coronavirus epidemic, would not have occurred if  made needed parts close to its assembly operations.  …
New model finds that the U.S. is fifth most likely among nations to have imported cases of #coronavirus from China based on patterns of international air travel.  …
We demand that this Chinese be deported IMMEDIATELY. He can go by foot for all we care. No way we can accept to be mistreated in our own country. He can go and fight coronavirus for all I care! 
Coronavirus outbreak: Passengers stranded on Japan cruise plead for help from Trump, say situation is 'desperate'  #FoxNews
This is the situation in a ward in Pamela Youde Nethersole Eastern Hospital, #HongKong. Can you imagine this in such a prosperous city, ONLY 1 box of masks? When the govt can't ensure supplies to medical workers fighting #coronavirus, this is suicide.  …
Turning disadvantage to an advantage #coronavirus 
White helmets announce they found cure for #nCov2019 coronavirus but Assad bombed the last hospital in Idlib, destroyed the facility, and killed the only man who knows how to make the secret potion Also destroyed in the bombing is cure for cancer, heart disease, & balding
China Has Begun Mass Arresting People Suspected Of Coronavirus As 86 People Die In One Day  …
Wuhan woman desperately asking for help on the balcony: Help! My husband is dying. Someone please help me! I can’t do anything! #coronavirus 
A photograph of a human art project in Germany was linked to Coronavirus. An attempt was made to portray that people have collapsed on the road due to the epidemic. WATCH #AltNewsFactCheck 
China - Media: Patient with a negative #coronavirus throat swab test on three occasions was diagnosed with #2019nCov through lower respiratory tract samples.  … h/t Pathfinder
NEW: Chinese officials note serious problems in coronavirus response. The World Health Organization keeps praising them.  …
Best current snapshot of  impact on China and unfolding consequences across the global economy, by world's #1 macroeconomic journalist, Ambrose Evans-Pritchard  …
Thailand's health minister says Western tourists should be kicked out of the country for not wearing facemasks during coronavirus scare 
A US citizen has died from the coronavirus in the Chinese city of Wuhan, according to officials. Meanwhile, thousands of people are trapped on three cruise liners in Asia due to fears surrounding coronavirus among passengers. @willripleyCNN reports.  
Yes the flu is bad, but the gambit of positioning influenza as scarier than coronavirus relies on wonky math and isn't helpful. 
A school student has been told to self-isolate for 14 days following a confirmed case of #coronavirus in Brighton 
Two more @StateDept evacuation flights landed from #Wuhan yesterday, thanks to our great team and @HHSGov, @CDCGov, @DeptofDefense, and state/local officials. @StateDept  to protecting Americans and fighting the spread of the #coronavirus.
I will be on @TeamCavuto at 1125am to talk about NY’s foolish green light law putting their public safety and America’s at risk, and we will talk about the #coronavirus
What should I do if  into contact with a person with coronavirus ? 
A group of Britons in the Alps have been diagnosed with the coronavirus, a week before thousands of U.K. families are due to travel to France for ski vacations 
Where’s Xi? China’s Leader Commands Coronavirus Fight From Safe Heights  with @stevenleemyers
Shit. #CoronaVirus is airborne, you can get infected breathing the same air.  …
Deaths due to the new #coronavirus will soon (likely tonight) exceed the 9-month mortality count of SARS... in just 6 weeks!  …
China is sacrificing a province to save the world from coronavirus 
Guys it’s depressing, a time when we should be positive about Brexit, we have illegals storming our shores . If that wasn’t enough, MSM is full on about storms tomorrow, plus Philip Schofield. Then there’s Coronavirus. what should I stockpile to survive the next 12 months?
you tweeting this acting like coronavirus is going to have a world tour  …
#Coronavirus has claimed the life of an #American in #Wuhan. If #XiJinping & the #CCP weren't control freaks & masters of #Censorship, maybe the world would have had a heads up against the #CoronaOutbreak. Lives could have been saved. Censorship  …
The Coronavirus scare proves one thing: that Duterte isn't just  ignorant, impassive, nor indifferent. He is all of everything negative for his people & their welfare. But he is all of everything that is good for China. Call him your President, but he is a traitor!
White House Asks Scientists To Investigate Whether 2019-nCoV Was Bio-Engineered This technique can only be done in a lab, as it has never occurred naturally in nature. “This isn't a 'conspiracy theory', it is a scientific, medical theory”  … #CoronaVirus
A 60-year-old American man infected with coronavirus died at a hospital in Wuhan on Thursday, the U.S. embassy in China has confirmed. It's the first known American death from the outbreak. 
The true aspirations of the ordinary Chinese people. please pass on the coronavirus to Americans and Japanese, they are all bad! Don't infect Chinese Chinese cattle, I beg you! The Americans helping China but #wuhan #china 
Five Britons contract coronavirus in French ski resort  
President Trump on China's effort  coronavirus Friday: "They are working really hard. I think they are doing a very professional job." Dr. Fauci on Trump Coronavirus Task Force Saturday: "I think there are clearly more infections there than we are seeing being reported"
Now is the time for the European Region to prepare nationally, collaborate regionally & help global efforts to address #2019nCoV #coronavirus. So grateful for pledges of support from delegations and partners at #EB146. Updates posted here 
#coronavirus: #Singapore's Ministry of Health has announced another 7 confirmed cases of the coronavirus, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 40 There are 4 patients in critical condition. Another one requires additional oxygen support  …
This video debunks 6 dangerous myths about the coronavirus. Some of those myths are: - "You can catch it from pets" - "Antibiotics are an effective treatment" - "Eating garlic could help" - "Only old people are at risk" It also tells what can you do to prevent being infected. 
This is heartbreaking. We must continue to do everything we can to prevent the spread of #coronavirus and protect Americans. Communist China needs to step up and do more to be transparent and help stop the spread of the virus.  …
The first American citizen died from the coronavirus in China. The person was 60 years old. Condolences to the family of this person. I pray people refrain from traveling to the area and this horrific virus is brought under control soon.  …
Kim Huat takes the bus and meets a heavy shopper. #SingaporeZombieApocalypse #wuhanvirus #coronavirus 
#CoronaVirus Another Leaked Video of Chinese authorities WELDING SHUT whole apartment buildings with residents inside. What if there’s a fire? Note: Videos of people being welded in...Not a single video of them being cut back out...or delivering Food/Water/Meds after... 
BIG NEWLYWED NIGHTMARE Coronavirus outbreak: Passengers stranded on Japan cruise plead for help from Trump, say situation is 'desperate'  …
Here's the latest on the coronavirus outbreak: - Singapore reports 7 more cases - American, Japanese patients die in Wuhan - Five Britons on ski holiday in French Alps infected 
"An eternal hero." Whistleblower doctor Li Wenliang, who sounded an early warning about coronavirus, dies in China 
“Even patients who definitely have the disease  back positive 30% to 50% of the time,” Wang said. “Testing ... returns a lot of false negatives.” #coronavirus #JustTheFlu Key Diagnostic Test Might Be Missing Many Coronavirus Cases  …
The Mysterious Origin of the Wuhan Coronavirus  … via @epochtimes
"There's just so many Chinese people here. I need a mask." This is a request a nurse received from a patient in a Toronto hospital. Chinese Canadians say the spread of #coronavirus has led to more xenophobic incidents. 
“It’s either incredible luck or poor screening that explains why there’s still not a confirmed [coronavirus] case on the continent,” an Africa expert says 
The first known #coronavirus death in #China of a foreigner is an American:  . We pray for all victims of this epidemic.
Panic-buying of essential items has been reported in Singapore after the island nation raised its coronavirus alert level to orange, which indicates the virus is severe and passes easily between persons. Read more here:  
Alright should I be worried about this coronavirus yet? Not gonna leave the house til y’all get this shit figured out. #Coronavius
Why coronavirus is a bigger threat to the global economy than previous outbreaks  
Nepal Foreign Ministry: Nepal donates 1 lakh protective masks to China after breakout of #Coronavirus
When asked WHO head Teodros had this to say about China's handling of the coronavirus: 
The coronavirus outbreak should bring out the best in humanity 
China is disappearing Chinese journalists covering the Coronavirus and refusing entry of outside journalists. Trump offered $100 million + U.S. scientists and other experts to help but so far China has refused help. The number of infected cases and deaths do not add up.
Coronavirus: 7 new confirmed cases in S'pore, possible new cluster involving church in Paya Lebar  …
Speaking of which, our global economy is very much interconnected. Look at all those videos of ghost cities in China where so many millions of people are quarantined because of the coronavirus. International travel to China is halted. This may cause a global economic depression.
Few Chinese dare go outside shopping because of coronavirus. Online food delivery can barely keep up. #美团点评 
That’s why the scouts not the Hong Kong police are asked to volunteer at coronavirus quarantine camp sites. They are busy with this #HongKongProtests  …
Looks like China has found the remedy for #coronavirus 
First American and Japanese deaths reported in coronavirus epidemic 
In the past four weeks, Brent Crude Oil price has dropped from $70 per barrel to $54 per barrel. China's massive #CoronaVirus problem is an opportunity for other countries like India. Huge saving on petrol and diesel bill in the short term for FM @nsitharaman. Can do wonders!
Coronavirus: what Xi fears most is Chinese turning on the Communist Party It’s not just lives, health and the economy that are threatened by the deadly disease. China’s authoritarian centralised system of rule is, too  …
SINGAPORE CONFIRMS SEVEN MORE CASES OF NEW CORONAVIRUS, TAKING TALLY TO 40 - HEALTH MINISTRY
People often ask me what it's like to grow up Asian in The Netherlands. It's seeing stuff like this consistently: Dutch radio DJ Lex Gaarthuis made a carnival song about people who died from coronavirus, said it was satire and "apologized" that his humor went over people's heads. 
Stay strong #Wuhan: Light shows across China lift spirits in anti-virus battle #LanternFestival #coronavirus 
Hong Kong may be a part of China in some way today. But soon, HK is going to quarantine Chinese mainland visitors for 14 days to avoid #Coronavirus threat. When HK does this, China can't blame other countries for discouraging Chinese visitors now.
JUST IN: Singapore confirms 7 new cases of novel #coronavirus, including a taxi driver and a private-hire driver  
"By the time she leaves office everyday, nearly all lights in the building are off since most others have left. Yet, her day is far from over, hardly unusual for @shailajateacher, the primary health warrior in Kerala's fight to stop novel #coronavirus."  …
Shanghai rolls out 28 measures to  against impact of novel #coronavirus epidemic  
With the support of @WHO, we now have the capacity to test for the novel Coronavirus 2019 @EPHIEthiopia. All the suspected cases of six travelers from China are negative. At this point, we have no suspect cases & we will continue our vigilant screening & follow up of  …
"Some westerners are calling the #Coronavirus the China Virus, but I don't remember people calling Zika the Brazil Virus, or Ebola the Congo Virus." 
Disappointed but not surprised there are people on the timeline that will encourage or share racist coronavirus jokes against Asians yet will lose their shit and go on a cancel spree if someone says n***a... Those people rocking double standards know exactly who they are...
US Confirms First Coronavirus Death - A US Citizen Died at a Hospital in Wuhan, China -- 722 Deaths Worldwide (Video)  … via @gatewaypundit
France toughens travel advice to China amid coronavirus scare  
British family of five test positive for coronavirus in French Alps 
Taking this opportunity to repost an important statement from @faclOntario on the need to be vigilant in guarding against discrimination while dealing with the public health concerns raised by the Coronavirus  …
British children in French coronavirus probe attended local school: mayor  
Is racism spreading along with the coronavirus? @mehdirhasan asked China Global Television Network news anchor Wang Guan about the discrimination Chinese people are facing all over the world. For more:  
I hope we sent them a few million of these masks! @AmbCuiTiankai @AmbLiuXiaoMing @SecPompeo #WuFlu #outbreak #coronaviruschina #coronavirus 
Tonight in Tseung Kwan O: Undercover #HongKongPolice pushes down the reporters & points them with pepper-spray canister after storming in an estate to detain a person. #HongKongPoliceBrutality #HongKongPoliceState #HongKongProtests #Coronavirus 
Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Nanjing, Chongqing... Chinese cities lightened up on Lantern Festival to show support for Wuhan, the epicenter of the novel #coronavirus outbreak 
China's highest TV tower, the Canton Tower in Guangzhou, lights up in solidarity with Wuhan. #coronavirus 
People may be wondering : Rui, why are you so mean rn Well my mom lost a classmate to Coronavirus yesterday so forgive me for being a bit snippy with internet ding dongs this weekend
The exotic and endangered pangolin used illegally in Chinese medicine has been implicated in the spread of coronavirus.  …
Preventing coronavirus from  an epidemic in America will require drastic changes from the Chinese Communist Party, whose secrecy and paranoia are responsible for its rapid growth.  …
The World Health Organization warned that Novel Coronavirus (nCoV) can survive both hot and humid climates, as well as cold and dry. #coronavirus 
What the coronavirus means for global business  via @BW
#coronavirus Don't panic, but don't just assume everything will be okay either. The Spanish flu killed 27% of Earth's population, but notice how similarly the news tried to downplay the risk. Almost identical to today's media. Being prepared is not a bad thing. 
#day4 #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #quarantine on #diamondprincess good night everyone! We have conquered another day #staystrong 
The routes of the novel #coronavirus infection include transmission via aerosol according to experts. The other major routes are contact transmission and direct transmission including via respiratory droplets. 
China spraying disinfectant gas & chemicals all over. This paints a different picture then China has it all under control. In addition with over 700 deaths, we are now approaching more deadly levels than SARS. #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak #WuhanVirus 
“The Chinese government is used to sharing positive news and concealing negative news. When they can no longer hide the negative news, they try to find ways to turn negative news into positive news. This also happened during the early stages of the coronavirus epidemic.”
“Even though Beijing tries to censor online discussion about the coronavirus epidemic, they still can't achieve a total blackout. Chinese people already know most of the facts about the epidemic. Even many Chinese officials probably know that they are lying about the epidemic.”
Congratulations! The eldest patient of novel coronavirus pneumonia aged at 91 has recovered and been discharged from hospital! He participated in the liberation war of new China. 
Good of @AipcKerala to issue this "public awareness" video on #Coronavirus. That's precisely what @ProfCong can do with the expertise in its ranks.   …
The coronavirus was created it targets asians. Over 150k deaths and 250k are infected. 2. An assassination attempt on Trump at the state of the union address. The reason Trump did not shake Pelosi’s hand is because she had a device in her hand to prick Trump and poison him
By Friday references to the death of the coronavirus early-warning whistle-blower Dr Li Wenliang had been viewed 270 million times on Weibo," the Chinese social-media platform. "The public is so angry that Chinese censors haven’t yet shut the topic down."  
Eighty-six people die of coronavirus in a DAY in China as Beijing begins mass arrest of sufferers  
Multiple landmarks across Beijing lit up in red to show solidarity with Wuhan, the epicenter of #Coronavirus. The phrase "Stay strong Wuhan Stay strong China" was also displayed on the buildings. 
Having been asked a few times by various media whether it is safe to visit Chinatown my message is that Xenophobia and racism are far more contagious than Coronavirus.
The coronavirus outbreak in Asia is starting to ripple through the cryptocurrency world in some unanticipated ways 
"Masking the truth"... a cartoon by Peter Brookes for The Times on China's response to coronavirus  
In an explosive interview Dr. Francis Boyle, who drafted the Biological Weapons Act has given a detailed statement admitting that the 2019 Wuhan Coronavirus is an offensive Biological Warfare Weapon and that @WHO already knows about it.  …
The coronavirus has created panic and fear at U.S. schools 
In #coronavirus news, at the 11 US airports where flights from China are being funneled, @DHSgov & @CDCgov have screened over 20k people, with only 10 requiring additional medical screening. @realDonaldTrump is keeping America safe through the work of his coronavirus task force
Update on #coronavirus testing: As of 2pm today, a total of 38 Scottish tests have concluded: 38 confirmed negative 0 positive Read our latest update  …… Health advice  Guidance for travelling abroad  
"Scientists are racing to model the next moves of a coronavirus that's still hard to predict"  …
'Crisis mode': Coronavirus disrupts the heart of electronics manufacturing in China 
BREAKING: Government team tasked with evacuating Filipinos from Hubei, China has left for the province. Members of the Foreign Affairs Department and the Health Department are now on their way to fetch Filipinos from the center of the novel coronavirus outbreak 
He wants to go to the other side of the river. But the bridge is blocked to control #coronavirus, so he swims over.  …
2 Suspects in Custody After Entering Walmart and Spreading 'Coronavirus' Substance Although they were not spreading the corona virus which was first thought, it doesn’t lesson the horror it first caused. And to think, these 2 are old enough to vote  …
Shanghai Municipal Gov. press conforance: #coronavirus aerosol transmission via droplets 0.1mm and below exhaled in a few seconds evaporate in 10ms into droplet cores micrometers in size and can travel hundreds of meters and can can cause infection.  …
she said coronavirus  …
New analysis from Swiss researchers on estimating the range of potential case fatality rates from the novel #coronavirus - Swiss Medical Weekly - “2019-novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV): estimating the case fatality rate – a word of caution”  …
FRENCH GOVERNMENT UPDATES TRAVEL ADVICE FOR CHINA, DOES NOT RECOMMEND VISITS TO CHINA UNLESS ABSOLUTELY "IMPERATIVE" DUE TO CORONAVIRUS SITUATION - FRENCH FOREIGN OFFICE
Wuhan is racing to create more temporary hospitals to cope with the surging number of patients infected with the coronavirus. This makeshift hospital was turned from a cultural  
China will take more steps to support debt financing  that are working on preventing or controlling the spread of the coronavirus 
UPDATE: France to close two schools near ski resort after cases of coronavirus reported  
Today, an American Citizen in Wuhan has died...the first foreigner to succumb to the Wuhan coronavirus in China. Dear @OfwonoOpondo we don’t want to join that list, please take us home. #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan
The #coronavirus outbreak likely linked to the eating of a wild #pangolin WWF-China just launched a public campaign “Refuse consuming Pangolins. Support the ban on #wildlife trade. Stay away from eating exotic wildlife. Choose healthy diets." Says TV host “Sa Beining" 
Coincidentally, Frank Plummer, head researcher on #Coronavirus (HIV) vaccine in the Winnipeg lab, from where the virus was smuggled by Chinese researcher, has died in mysterious conditions.... Go figure!  …
5 Brits have tested positive for #coronavirus in France. 4 adults & a child were diagnosed with the virus  into contact with a British national who recently returned from a stay in Singapore 20-23 January. Not in China, & this was 2 wks ago.  …
Medical workers at the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak say overwhelmed services and a dearth of protective equipment are putting them at risk of the infection 
This Chinese couple work about 100 meters apart at the same hospital in Jiangxi Province battling coronavirus. However, they rarely meet each other at work. #coronavirus 
Amid novel #CoronaVirus outbreak, WHO warns against hoarding of medical protective gears, calling on manufacturers, distributors, retailers...to stand together in solidarity to ensure supply of protective gears to medical workers in #FightVirus front 
Shanghai now requires all residents to wear facial masks and cooperate with body temperature checkups in public places  the novel #coronavirus according to a notice issued on Saturday. 
About 6,000 couples — some in facemasks — tied the knot in a mass wedding in South Korea, despite concerns over the spread of the #coronavirus outbreak. 
UPDATE on #coronavirus testing in the UK: As of 2pm on Saturday 8 February 2020, a total of 686 tests have concluded 683 were confirmed negative. 3 positive. Updates will be published at 2pm daily until further notice. For latest information visit:  
Jia Na, a 24-year-old nurse, working at Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University, has recovered from the novel #coronavirus. She shares her experience of recovering in 11 days. 
Accidental release of “real” data and stats around the coronavirus suggests very grave situation and thousands dead! Would the Chinese government lie? No... 
Five Britons staying in a chalet at a French ski resort have been diagnosed with #coronavirus, the country's health minister says 
"The Hong Kong economy has been hit by a triple whammy of the US-China trade war, anti-government protests and now the coronavirus."  
2020 so far: - Australia Wildfire - Iran vs. America - Taal Volcano Eruption - Japan's Mount Shintake Eruption - Coronavirus Outbreak - Kobe and Gianna Bryant's death - Turkey Earthquakes - Ukraine plane crash - Jakarta, Indonesia Flood - Thailand shooting Stay safe everyone.
A Brazilian air force plane has evacuated an Indian from novel coronavirus-hit Wuhan in China along with a group of Brazilian citizens: Diplomatic sources #coronavirus
3 simple ways to prevent the deadly coronavirus; 1. Avoid touching your face 2. Avoid handshakes 3. Wash your hands regularly with soap and water
U.S. hospitals brace themselves for supply shortages and a surge in patients if the coronavirus starts to spread here. Much of our medical supplies are made in China. 
Five more British nationals test positive for #Coronavirus in France. As the story goes some attendees at a Jan 20-23 Singapore conference from #Wuhan infected several others. One traveled back to France infecting these five more. There were 100  – at National Institutes of Health (NIH)
Seriously this guy is down on his knees praying for the virus to up and go to America. Mate have a heart, they’re already dealing with the opioids and meth you send their way #coronavirus  …
Trump’s CDC budget cuts and awful decisions have left the US underprepared for #coronavirus. Trump eliminated the senior director for global health security and biothreats on the NSC—who would have overseen the nation’s response to the pandemic—last May.  …
Here's the latest on the coronavirus in China: - The death toll is at 723, with 86 deaths in the last day alone - An American and a Japanese citizen in Wuhan have died - Chinese authorities have classified masks as a "strategic resource"  …
The ironic thing about all the people invoking Chernobyl on Chinese social media to criticize coronavirus cover-ups is that China had its own Chernobyl x10, but it was so well covered up, hardly anyone knows about it today.  …
Coronavirus brings China's surveillance state out of the shadows  …
Poetic justice: The pangolin which has been poached to near extinction for its fake medicinal value in China, appears to be the source of the coronavirus that is now spreading through China. 
Chinese citizen journalist who has brought the world the truth on coronavirus emergency disappears from the streets of Wuhan 
Five Britons contract #coronavirus in French ski resort in the Alps from a Briton who contracted it at a business mtg in January in China.  …
Coronavirus: 722 dead, 34,546 people have been infected in latest update 
Please  coronavirus to the flu. Yes, we know the flu is bad. But here’s the thing about coronavirus: we have no idea how bad it will get.  …
Coronavirus: what Xi fears most is Chinese turning on the Communist Party | South China Morning Post  …
Five Britons contract coronavirus in French ski resort  
FRENCH AUTHORITIES TO TEMPORARILY CLOSE TWO SCHOOLS IN AREA NEAR SKI RESORT WHERE BRITONS CONTRACTED CORONAVIRUS AMID INVESTIGATION - REGIONAL HEALTH OFFICIAL
Powerful Arabic message from a Uyghur Muslim about the coronavirus in China #uighur, #coronavirus, 
A United States citizen died from the coronavirus in the Chinese city of Wuhan, embassy officials said Saturday, marking the first known American death from the outbreak that has killed hundreds. 
Fear can be more harmful than coronavirus, Singapore PM says after run on shops  
Pastor begins sales of ‘holy oil’ to protect members from coronavirus  …
Another preprint feeding conspiracy theories, this time that the coronavirus was specifically designed to affect Asian people. The paper is has a sample size of... ONE. I'm a huge preprint fan, but the coronavirus situation has shaken my faith a bit...  …
Brighton away. No risks taken. #coronavirus 
what's really interesting about coronavirus is 1) how/why WHO's threat designation happened 2) how it builds on past media-driven racialized disease panics 3) how border imperialism is so readily accepted as the only/right response
 back from #Hubei is a time bomb”. A banner at Penpu Street, probably in Jiujiang city, #Jiangxi province in #China. One of the many scenes during #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus 
The Communist Party of China scrambled on Friday to contain political damage from the death of coronavirus whistleblower Dr. Li Wenliang. 
For more than a month, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has been offering to send a team of experts to China to observe its coronavirus outbreak and help if it can. But no invitation  — and no one can publicly explain why.  …
Wuhan  communities to ensure every confirmed or suspected patient is located and attended to, as a senior official vowed to nail any official deserter "to history's pillar of shame." #coronavirus 
Coronavirus = Revenge of the Pangolins - the world's most trafficked animal; a meat delicacy, traditional Chinese medicine, etc. Karma's a bitch, isn't it? Nope. It's a pangolin.
After analyzing 17,000 #coronavirus cases **provided by Chinese health authorities**, @WHO epidemiologist Maria van Kerkhove said that 82% were mild, while 15% severe and 3% were critical. The death rate stands at less than 2%. But MANY #2019nCoV cases have gone UNREPORTED.
Africa currently has zero cases of coronavirus. With Africa currently being rapidly colonized by China with min 8 direct flights a day, how is this possible? Answer: It's not. No way Africa doesn't have coronavirus. Will they detect it thought before it breaks out? #coronavirus 
Chinese officials struggling to contain the coronavirus are also now battling to assuage public anger 
#coronavirus update:Passengers screened: 21312,Passengers under follow up @home 1735, hospital 3. Samples taken - 42,Negative - 36 & testing in process-6. Let me reiterate, #TN has no cases of #Corona & request the public to ignore any message that isn’t authentic @MoHFW_INDIA
As Wuhan remains under intense pressure trying to manage the spread of the coronavirus, Chinese language learners overseas have offered words of encouragement to the people of Wuhan and China. Let's hear what students from PKU-affiliated Confucius Institutes around the world say! 
A veteran police officer in #Wuhan calls his colleagues not to suppress the people but fight the #coronavirus instead.  …
A study by Harvard University researchers has suggested that Indonesia should have confirmed cases of #coronavirus already, considering the high air travel volume from Wuhan, the epicenter of the outbreak in China, to the country  …
WATCH: Chinese authorities are now WELDING DOORS SHUT to whole apartment buildings, as well as residents inside - to impose #Coronavirus quarantine. 
I’m starting to believe that coronavirus might be a new war tactic. Like instead of the old traditional way of fighting battles they using diseases. But I’m high too so i don’t know
Pulitzer Prize-winning science writer Laurie Garrett talks about the spread of coronavirus and why it is more dangerous than anything the world has seen since the arrival of HIV  
#coronavirus: A walking time bomb 230k people walked into #Hongkong from #Shenzhen yesterday night, trying to beat the quarantine deadline. They declined to do self-isolation with health monitors because they claimed they are healthy. What could possibly go 
Tahniah @KKMPutrajaya @DGHisham @DrDzul @leeboonchye dan seluruh team KKM - you guys are the heroes Malaysia (and the world) needs right now. Malaysia boleh! #coronavirus 
There's anger in China following the death of Li Wenliang, the doctor who tried to warn people about the #coronavirus epidemic. People say the government mistreated him in his final weeks. @cheriechancy 
Live: Hubei officials hold a routine press conference on the prevention and control of the novel #coronavirus  …
(Rhetorical) What is the difference between screening arrivals for coronavirus And Questioning potential jihadis arriving from high risk countries (At air-ports) I give you one guess - which one do you think MBHD CAIR throw a tantrum about?
Stay strong, China! Stay strong, Wuhan！Many buildings along Shanghai's landmark Bund illuminated these slogans to express their solidarity in the fight against the #coronavirus on Sat, which is the day for the traditional Chinese Lantern Festival. 
Growth in globally confirmed coronavirus cases ex-mainland China are accelerating this week. Sequential daily increases of 7%, 16%, and 19% the last three days. Still extremely tiny base  
The Shanghai government just announced some terrible news The #Coronavirus IS airborne. It can be spread through the air EVEN if the infected person isn't present Previously many doctors advice was to maintain a 1-2m distance and not wear a mask. This advice is now useless! 1/n
Lastest research discovers that novel #coronavirus can also transmit via aerosol...Expert suggests canceling all social activities and gatherings, opening windows regularly to maintain circulation of indoor air, and focusing on household disinfection  
Designer Duyi Han pays homage to coronavirus medical workers with project that sees walls and ceilings of a historic church in Hubei province transformed into a large mural depicting figures dressed in white decontamination suits  
Just me, or does it seem like a lot of Chinese disease experts are getting coronavirused? #coronavirus  …
Sky reporting that "Five new coronavirus cases in France are British nationals who were staying in the same chalet in a ski resort. They were diagnosed with the virus  into contact with a person who had been in Singapore." ... okay. but it's under control right
Accruing data suggests #coronavirus is far more contagious, but perhaps less virulent for most victims, than first surmised. It’s possible actual global disease burden is in the many hundreds of thousands and severe cases are a smaller fraction of a big total prevalence.  …
In China it is suggested not to touch a door knob or elevator buttons . Solution for the elevator #coronavirus 
It might seems like an issue that will soon be taken care of by the police, but Thailand is also not in the perfect condition for travelling because of the bad air pollution and the coronavirus outbreak. So once again, stay away from Thailand for the time being.
I’m not one to harp on bad headlines but do think we all have a role with #coronavirus to try to curb panic. I suspect headlines will get worse in any event. In other words, the American here died in Wuhan and never was in US with disease.  …
In China's battle against the novel #coronavirus, women have shown their professionalism, devotion and resilience alongside their male peers. 
He’s right, the new “Coronavirus “ is a frigging biological weapon.  …
Additional Concerts And Events Canceled Or Postponed Due To Coronavirus  
Tells you #CarrieLam’s either too #high or too #low and not sure what she’s saying： Lam told today presser gratitude to central (ie Beijing) authorities for 17,000 (huh?) facemasks to #HongKong Only a while later did she correct number to 15 million #Coronavirus 
Everyone is ordered to stay home till Feb 20th - Officials postponed the Monday Feb 10th back to work date #CoronaVirus 
Why do I have the #CoronaVirus on my bath mat? 
Medical experts in Shanghai confirm main transmission route of #coronavirus is through aerosol transmission. Can occur when you speak to an infected person and breath in the air they breath out as they speak. If we dont get a handle on this FAST we may be looking at millions dead  – at The White House
China is taking effective measures to contain the novel #coronavirus, says a Belgian expert. 
UK announces £5 million in new support for WHO’s Flash Appeal to fight coronavirus. This follows the £40mil allocated to vaccine & virus research this week. We will continue to support @DrTedros & his team @WHO leading the int’l response to the emergency:  
Vaccine research and development usually takes 2-3 years, but a team at Imperial College London has found a candidate vaccine against novel #coronavirus in just 14 days. Dr. John Tregoning says data sharing has helped accelerate the process of development. 
What??? Now my's country weren’t safe anymore we have a Coronavirus, Dust and the last one is murderer. Hope everyone be safe 
Brighton student told to self-isolate over coronavirus link  …
Chinese social media has been swamped with messages of anger towards the government after the death of a doctor and whistle-blower Li Wenliang. He had previously warned people about the coronavirus after China attempted to cover it up and silence him.  …
Reuters: KUWAIT ASKS CITIZENS NOT TO TRAVEL TO SINGAPORE BECAUSE OF CORONAVIRUS CONCERN - KUNA
#coronavirus Quite frankly, I fail to understand why the largest manufacturing power in the world cannot produce enough masks. It is light and  item and easy to transport. I may be missing something about the logistical difficulties. Or else, can masks be imported?  …
$AAPL $AMZN #GOOG $HPQ $DELL >> China blocks restart of Foxconn plants due to coronavirus: sources  
I’m glad I’m not still six, or my mum would be desperately looking for someone with Coronavirus to put me in bed with. “Better to get it over and done with” she’d say, tucking me up with the kid flared with German measles/mumps/chicken pox
JUST IN: First American death due to coronavirus reported  
Over 80 cities locked down now in China. #coronavirus  …
The whole world along with chinese people may suffer due to the lies of china government. FYI: This is not a movie scene. RT to spread awareness, #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
My cartoon Saturday @TheTimes on #Chinese suppression of #Coronavirus information. #DrLiWenliang 
64 Passengers On Board Of Diamond Princess Are Infected From Coronavirus At Japan's Coast. Almost 3,600 Passengers and Crew Are On Quarantine Inside Ship For 14 days. 
15 students who returned to Kerala on Friday after being stranded in China's Hubei province were allowed to go home by doctors as none of them tested positive for novel #coronavirus: Officials
PHOTO-JOURNALISM: Then and now in China amid the coronavirus outbreak: ghost shopping-malls, empty public transport, deserted shops. | @bloombergimages  
#BREAKING: First American death due to coronavirus reported  
Idion Igbalo who now plays for Manchester United will not travel with the club to Spain due to China coronavirus crisis  … via @kamlinks_
Omg this thread. I think everyone's pretty chill in Malaysia and I currently live near the Sungai Buloh Hospital (where they are treating people with the novel coronavirus). What's going on y'all??  …
LOOK: University of Santo Tomas (UST) students and staff are being scanned by security personnel using infrared thermometers upon their entrance to the building on Saturday, February 8 as a preventive measure against the novel coronavirus (nCoV). #nCoV | via 
Coronavirus: Ample stock in Singapore, no need to hoard, says FairPrice group CEO  …
A major slowdown in China could trigger recession and defaults as the world holds its breath on #coronavirus | Ambrose Evans-Pritchard This article is free to read until 2pm  …
#Coronavirus: Chinese Communist Party Tries To Blame US For Outbreak  …
When you have lots of time on your hands due to #coronavirus lockdown 
More background on the antiviral drug Remdesivir (GS-5734) with potential against coronavirus  …
An employee appreciation dinner was held in Wuhanafter the Huoshenshan Hospital  Thousands of construction workers have participated in the event Workers weren't wearing a mask and standing closely to each other #Coronavirus #WuhanVirus #2019nCoV 
Medical workers at the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak say overwhelmed services and a dearth of protective equipment are putting them at risk of the infection 
Vivek Agnihotri shared a meme which said "weed kills coronavirus" as genuine news. There is no evidence that cannabis (hemp plants) can have any effect on coronavirus infections. #AltNewsFactCheck |  …
BREAKING: The five people with new cases of coronavirus in France are all British nationals. Seven new cases of coronavirus in Thailand. US citizen in Wuhan has died of coronavirus.
Truth of China's 'People's War' against coronavirus revealed: Shocking video shows officials in protective suits dragging suspected carriers from their homes 
Singapore's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong spoke on the coronavirus situation in Singapore on Saturday (Feb 8) . Here is his statement in full:  … Do read... I guess some of the points are relevant to people/countries around the world. #CoronaVirus
A mother infected with #coronavirus gave birth to a healthy boy in east China's Zhejiang. As the baby boy was born on Chinese Lantern Festival, his family gave him a pet name "Xiao Tang Yuan" (Little Sweet Dumpling) 
What a nightmare for these poor people - trapped on a floating Petri dish even in the best of circumstances but with this virus...Awful for them!Coronavirus outbreak: Passengers on Japan cruise plead for help from Trump, say situation is 'desperate'  …
Gowon will meet her idols, Binnie and Seunghee, on Monday :) But the broadcast is not open for fans because of the coronavirus spreading prevention :(
Manchester United's Odion Ighalo may have to miss the club's Spanish training camp because of coronavirus fears. The striker is currently in the UK, but because he recently arrived from China - he may be barred from re-entering the country. In full  
NEW: China's Hunan province reports 1st death from coronavirus, death toll rises to 725  …
Support for #Wuhan! 2,043 medical staff from 12 teams arrived at the Wuhan Tianhe Airport Friday, carrying protective outfits, disinfectant, and other supplies weighing nearly 36 tons. So far, this is the largest group of medics to arrive at the airport. #coronavirus 
Five Britons in French ski resort catch coronavirus after contact with man who had been in Singapore  
China: to prevent #coronavirus infection 
#Iran just killed 57 of our citizens. The #coronavirus is spreading for Canadians Our economy needs support. Bankruptcies are soaring. And yet @JustinTrudeau you choose to fuck off to Africa to spend our $$for you #UN seat? Could your ego be any  …
This week's trending rights tweets: China's coronavirus cover-up and export of censorship, the US government's deportation of Salvadorans to be murdered, Russia's and Syria's bombardment of the three million civilians in Idlib, and more.  
If #Coronavirus spreads this fast, just think what a success biological warfare would be. It's the exponential spread that assures success. Potentially more successful than a nuclear bomb Coronavirus: Five Brits in French ski chalet catch virus  …
So much so the popular protest slogan has  “Recover Hong Kong, resist the virus of our times” #hongkongprotests #coronavirus  … via @bpolitics @iainmarlow @laiyanhoeric
#Singapore give advice to its citizens on the #Coronavirus 
Is this stupidity or blatant disregard of the fact that the  from eating wildlife?? #CoronaVirus @Protect_Wldlife @PeterEgan6 @_AnimalAdvocate @RobRobbEdwards @Animal_Watch @ARCrusade @Ivy_Middleton @zbleumoon @MamaForChange  …
A very good thread about racism related to the Coronavirus, but it's just an overall fantastic discussion of how racism works. Suggested reading included to help is all take a few more steps towards being better antiracists.  …
200208 Biotherm Weibo Update @layzhang's support message for the coronavirus outbreak! #producerLayZhang #LayZhang #อี้ชิง #张艺兴 #Lay #Yixing #ZhangYixing #레이 #レイ #장이씽 @layzhang 
#UKaid is working to help stop the spread of #coronavirus We’re supporting the international response, led by @WHO, to help identify, contain and prevent the spread of this deadly virus  
5/ With tens of thousands of travellers crossing the border every day, it is expected that such weak quarantine policy cannot fend off the #coronavirus spread. Without a full border seal with #China, #Hongkong is doomed to be sealed by the world.
2/ Even though #HKgov claims that 14days quarantine is mandatory, new arrivers are told that they can “go out” during the quarantine periods so long as they wear masks. It puts into doubt the effectiveness of quarantine policy as it means #coronavirus can spread 
#Coronavirus: What Xi fears most is #Chinese turning on the Communist Party It’s not just lives, health and the economy that are threatened by the deadly disease #China’s authoritarian centralised system of rule is, too A great  …
First American #coronavirus death is confirmed as US citizen, 60, dies in China - as the number of people killed by the infection soars above 700, surpassing SARS death toll  … ‘As of Saturday morning US time ... infected more than 34,500 people’
No way out...door welding? Some say it’s only a #flu? #coronavirus 
MANILA passengers on the same flights as 2 Chinese citizens found positive for coronavirus in Philippines could not be reached, Police only able to track down 102 out of 191 passengers. Unfortunately, their phones wouldn't ring.  …
Coronavirus Outbreak Likely Began With Bats, an Omen for Next Epidemic  …
China's President Xi Jinping has declared a "people's war" against the coronavirus outbreak. Now, he faces a war of words from angry citizens. 
"I feel like I'm playing a game. It's like 'Resident Evil.' Today and every day I need to do a mission." This #Wuhan resident showed how he's coping in the #coronavirus epicenter in China #CoronavirusChina 
Eighty-six people die of coronavirus in a DAY in China as Beijing begins mass arrest of sufferers 
Four Chinese passengers from cruise ship hospitalized with fever in #NewJersey, US already has 12 confirmed #coronavirus cases MORE:  
China is sacrificing a province to save the world from coronavirus 
Yixing donated a lot of money, tons of masks to the hospitals, police station and  to help with protection from coronavirus. Now he even made a song to help, asking fans to add the lyrics and melody. This man has heart of gold. I'm so proud. Love you @layzhang
How does #coronavirus spread and how can you protect yourself?  
@lay_studio reposted this weibo: This charity song for fighting against coronavirus invites everyone to join. Just send your melody and lyrics to xback@yxuniverse.com to contribute your power. PS this song is for charity only DO NOT use it  purpose.  
WATCH: “There is no need to panic. We are not locking down the city or confining everybody to stay home”: Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong on the coronavirus situation in Singapore  
Coronavirus latest: - American citizen dies in Wuhan - Five Britons infected after sharing French ski chalet - Death toll closing in on SARS total 
Coronavirus is testing the capabilities of China’s surveillance state. Who was sitting next to you on the train, what is your temperature in the street, how your boss knows you broke curfew...fascinating read (h/t @mathewi  …
Someone needs to send this to Thai ministers. The face mask has  the emblematic security blanket of this coronavirus outbreak, but is of limited use.  …
"Where is that person?" New from me on Xi Jinping, who hasn't been seen anywhere near the front lines of the "people's war" against the coronavirus  …
Coronavirus: Africa,tell me are you ready oo? Sho ready lati jo?...Listen to the co ro na virus  …
Fact Check: Did China seek court approval to kill 20,000 coronavirus patients to stop the spread of the infection? 
200208 Yixing announces on weibo he created a track for a  song called 会好的 (lit trans It Will Get Better) to benefit the coronavirus outbreak. He is asking fans to help him finish it by adding melody & lyrics to the track by xback@yxuniverse.com 
Xi Jinping has turned invisible during China's coronavirus epidemic, likely to cover his back in case things go badly wrong  …
I’m immune to coronavirus because I’m hikikomori
Sinophobia has been on the rise since the novel coronavirus outbreak began. As reports of Sinophobia have circulated online, some ‘China watchers’ (mostly journalists & academics), have sought to downplay the importance of this racism. This is a problem. thread
#coronavirus Astronaut at Beijing Airport 
"Spreading Coronavirus?"  
The only reason to be surprised by the Chinese gvt’s reaction to Coronavirus is if, like so many, you’ve been conveniently ignoring that it’s an evil totalitarian dictatorship. Ignored the lack of freedom, the systematic human rights abuses. Focused on GDP, forgot about the truth
Further evidence that China isn’t returning to work on Feb 10. Top iPhone maker Foxconn told by Beijing to keep close its huge factories — or else | #CoronaVirus #OOTT #commodities via @NAR  
Global researchers have joined a scientific race  the novel #coronavirus epidemic by pushing for vaccine development, as well as more accurate tests for the virus  
The death of a hero doctor who warned of the risks of the coronavirus has sparked a rare crisis of confidence in the Communist Party 
The deadly coronavirus outbreak in China could have spread from bats to humans through the illegal traffic of pangolins - the world's only scaly mammals which are prized in Asia for food and medicine 
#CoronaVirus update for today: 724 people have died so far. 34,878 confirmed cases worldwide 27,657 suspected cases 6,107 are in serious/critical condition 2,050 people have recovered Now in 25 countries. NO African country has a confirmed case. Pls RT, let’s all stay alert.
5 Brits have tested positive to #coronavirus infection in #France, one is a child. They are being treated in hospital. It's possible one of them had been in #Singapore where they contracted the disease. Then this person went to France & infected the others. #UK #Britain #China
Five Britons infected with coronavirus in France - French minister  
Do the people who go out to clear the supermarkets not realise they’re exposing themselves to large crowds while queuing and squeezing in the supermarket and thus there’s a higher chance of potentially contracting the coronavirus?
Is coronavirus on world tour?  …
Fears of the coronavirus empties malls on the world's priciest shopping strip 
CORONAVIRUS IN FRENCH SKI RESOURT: France's health minister: One member of the group (incl one child) of 5 British nationals had recently traveled to Singapore - before joining others at a ski resort in the Haute-Savoie region of the Alps. 
BREAKING: Five new #coronavirus cases in France are British nationals who were staying in the same chalet in a ski resort. They were diagnosed with the virus  into contact with a person who had been in Singapore. More on this story here:  
Volunteers of Indonesian Red Cross are helping students in #Natuna learn how they can reduce the risk of #coronavirus infection, including how to thoroughly wash their hands 
PM Lee urges Singapore to take courage amid coronavirus outbreak, see through stressful time together  
The double-blind randomized controlled trial (RCT) of the antiviral drug Remdesivir, a possible treatment of the novel #coronavirus, is underway in Wuhuan, and received recognition from the WHO, during a press conference on Friday. 
Resilient  markets? Global stock mkt cap has gained $1.8tn this week as investors shrugged off Coronavirus news, GDP cuts by analysts, & as actual econ numbers continued to improve & as Iowa caucuses tilted 'mkt friendly‘. Mkt of $87tn equals to ~100% of global GDP. 
China; a country that has zero respect for animal welfare: boils & skins dogs whilst alive, cages animals in such horrific conditions that they chew their own limbs, breeding female animals in such poor condition they kill their own offspring. No wonder we have #coronavirus 
Coronavirus: Five Britons test positive for virus in France 
Drones are being applied in the prevention of novel #coronavirus pneumonia in Hunan, China. 
Five Britons infected with coronavirus in France: French minister  
Confirmed coronavirus cases now in Thailand, UAE, and other countries. China censoring questions about dead doctors, possible origins of disease, and problems with Hong Kong. Coronavirus Live Updates: 7 New Cases in Thailand, Health Ministry Says  …
#Coronavirus — Shanghai Gov just officially confirmed #ChinaPneumonia can be spread through “ #aerosol”. Virus-containing #droplets like spray from sneeze/ saliva can be *airborne* & stably suspended in air. People may be infected inhaling virus aerosol  
Inter will wear special patches on their kit today reading 'Forza China' in solidarity with the victims of Coronavirus The message 'Today and always. Together as a team. Forza Wuhan' will be displayed around San Siro 
China's Wuhan city, epicentre of the coronavirus outbreak, has opened another makeshift hospital providing 1,500 beds. Here are the countries with reported cases as of 0700GMT 
Coronavirus: passengers stranded on World Dream cruise ship in Hong Kong ‘could be allowed to leave as soon as Tuesday’  …
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan #coronavirus  01
At the top of the hour, we will be live from #HRWeekend in Amsterdam with @Yaqiu answering your questions on China. #coronavirus #xinjiang 
RTHK reports that #HKGov plans to recruit teenage scouts to work 8-hour shifts in #coronavirus #Quarantine centers. Without protective gear, medical training and insurance provided, #CarrieLam is literally putting our next generation in peril. #nCoV 
BREAKING: The five people with new cases of coronavirus in France are all British nationals
Communist China is lying about true extent of Coronavirus outbreak - If Communist China  clean,  must quarantine entire country. China also covers up that it sent spies to P4 labs overseas to steal deadly pathogens! 
5 people who were diagnosed with coronavirus in France are all British nationals, health minister says  …
BREAKING: Five new cases of coronavirus in France, including one British national.
Symptoms of Novel #Coronavirus 1. Systemic - fever, fatigue 2. Kidneys - decreased function 3. Intestines - diarrhea 4. Respiratory - runny nose, sore throat, shortness of breath, sneezing, dry cough 5. Circulatory - leucopenia COMPLICATIONS! * Pneumonia * Kidney failure
Live: #Coronavirus patients are gradually moving to Wuhan Leishenshan Hospital after  today  …
BREAKING: France reports 5 new cases of coronavirus  …
A man practices calligraphy on an empty street amid the coronavirus outbreak in Jiujiang, Jiangxi province, China. More photos of the week:  
RTHK: Finding no civil servants / retirees willing to work 8 hours a day, for $0, without guarantees of enough protective gear... the Hong Kong government now requests CUB SCOUTS to provide volunteers to work at the coronavirus quarantine camps.  …
"China has effectively saved the world from a possible, lethal pandemic." A Pakistani official speaks highly of China's efforts in fighting #coronavirus. 
Despite the fact that the Chinese Communist Party censored the pandemic of #Coronavirus Artists among many... could still express thousand words among us... 
The next Tiananmen Square? Chinese citizens are demanding increased free speech after the death of a coronavirus whistleblower doctor. China is censoring their calls.  …
As of today, there have been over 700 deaths from #coronavirus. To put this in some perspective, it's estimated almost 500,000 people die from seasonal flu each year.
Panic buying has reached Singapore as the city-state raised its alert level over #CoronavirusOutbreak Anxious shoppers formed long lines at grocery stores to stock up on food and essential items including toilet paper #coronavirus 
SPECIAL CORONAVIRUS PODCAST. We're launching long reads of Caixin's exclusive four-part in-depth report on the epidemic. Part one explores how official efforts in Wuhan to downplay the risks delayed initial responses to contain the virus.  
VIDEO: The deadly coronavirus epidemic has brought much of China to a standstill, but perhaps nowhere has the change been more stark than in Shanghai, the country's biggest and most vibrant city 
Mainland China had its deadliest day in the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak Friday, with authorities reporting 86 fatalities.  Follow the latest 
French health minister says a British national is among five new cases of coronavirus in France
It took time but there's now a lot more focus on what I call the cascading sudden stop dynamics of the #CoronaVirus for the global #economy. The main catalyst: More and  reporting big and growing supply and demand disruptions. As an example:  
Thousands of Indians hold special prayers to ward off #coronavirus 
Bali is transformed from a tourist Mecca to a ghost town as Chinese tourists are banned because of the spread of coronavirus 
President Donald Trump: U.S. Is ‘Working Closely With China’ To Stop Coronavirus Outbreak.  …
There is actually a sign up in the hospital telling people it’s okay to eat Chinese food and that it won’t give them the Coronavirus. 
A Chinese nurse in a coronavirus-hit hospital in Henan Province gives her sobbing daughter an "air hug." More power to all doctors, nurses, medical staff and health workers. #nCoV #coronavirus @PDChina #coronavirussingapore #Chinese @ParveenKaswan 
WUHAN FLU UPDATE: We spray for mosquitoes with a small truck. For the #CoronavirusOutbreak in Wuhan they’re using monster sprayer trucks. What are they not telling us? #Coronavirus 
FOXCONN'S PLAN TO RESUME PRODUCTION ON FEB 10 HAS BEEN CALLED OFF BY CHINESE AUTHORITIES DUE TO WORRIES SURROUNDING CORONAVIRUS OUTBREAK - NIKKEI
Misinformation on the coronavirus might be the most contagious thing about it | Coronavirus outbreak | The Guardian  …
The Chinese are building disinfection lanes at entrances to residential buildings  #coronavirus. 
Such a moving interview with Peng. He shares his personal experience & insights managing patients with #2019nCoV in Wuhan. S/o to all medical staff on the frontline putting their lives on the line! #coronavirus  …
Chinese mainland netizens warned that #HK secessionists & foreign entities are exploiting the grief expressed over the death of #coronavirus "whistleblower‘’ Dr #LiWenliang and are spreading anti-China rhetoric on social media.  
The coronavirus outbreak is likely to strain Hong Kong's economy further 
Here is a bowl of sweet dumplings to wish you a sweet and safe life! Chinese netizens share photos of the traditional food for #LanternFestival which falls on Feb 8 this year to deliver blessings to Wuhan and all medical workers fighting novel coronavirus pneumonia (NCP). 
BREAKING NEWS! Eminem has just  the 1st celebrity to be diagnosed with Coronavirus. A statement revealed that his palms were sweaty, knees weak and arms were heavy. He presented w/ vomit on his sweater already. Initial testing revealed that it was mum's spaghetti
Honestly think you have a higher chance of getting coronavirus just waiting in this queue  …
Epidemiologic and Clinical Characteristics of Novel Coronavirus Infections Involving 13 Patients Outside Wuhan, China.  … via @JAMA_current
Authorities are trying to monitor participants in a business meeting at the luxury Grand Hyatt Singapore after four attendees tested positive for the new coronavirus this week 
Japanese researchers estimate that at least half of new infections of coronavirus occur while the first patient is not showing symptoms yet - Kyodo - all these policemen.. bless them 
81 additional deaths were reported from #Hubei on Friday in the deadliest day yet  #Coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak
Official #coronavirus update on Saturday: 32 people found to be infected (+7) 10 discharged & 22 in hospital 654 are/were being monitored 49 were found at the airport & 605 admitted themselves 279 now gone home 375 still in hospital #Thailand 
Wuhan has set up mobile cabin hospitals to receive #coronavirus patients with mild symptoms. CGTN takes a look into one of such hospitals to see the conditions there. 
Extremely concerned to read of the treatment of Mancunians of Chinese heritage following coronavirus. Come on peeps of Manchester we can do much better than this.  …
New cases of coronavirus infections rise in China after two-day decline  
For two frontline workers helping to fight the #coronavirus outbreak in China, saying 'I do' over a video call will have to do for now. 
One pic tells all (up) 2003 SARS (down) 2020 Wuhan Coronavirus Police got all the protective materials but do nothing. Medical staff couldn't get enough masks & were asked to go into wards with patients. This HK gov is shittier than anyone can expect 
Heartbreaking video of a Chinese nurse in a Coronavirus-hit hospital in Henan Province gives her sobbing daughter an "Air Hug". God bless this Mother. #coronavirus 
Another confirmed case of novel coronavirus outbreaks in Malaysia, bringing the total to 16. The latest case : a 67-year-old Chinese tourist who’s the mother of an existing chinese patient’s friend, both are currently placed in HKL isolation ward ~ MOH 
Chinese #LanternFestival today, 15th day of the first month in the lunisolar calendar. No lantern and CB today in Beijing under the #Coronavirus. let’s celebrate on-line with the woodcut print in my studio: Night Scene in Peking, 1922,by Elizabeth Keith. Happy Holiday! 
LOOK: Fans of @pledis_17 are required to go through a brief medical check-up and  a travel history form prior to entering the Mall of Asia Arena as safety measures against the novel coronavirus #OdeToYouInMNL | via 
No points for creativity. After simply calling it the "novel coronavirus" for weeks, the new coronavirus now has an official name: "novel coronavirus pneumonia."  …
Dr. Francis Boyle, who drafted the Biological Weapons Act has given a detailed statement admitting that the 2019 Wuhan Coronavirus is an offensive Biological Warfare Weapon and that the World Health Organization (WHO) already knows about it. 
Doctor who sounded alarm on coronavirus dies 
One drunk woman in a bikini made a nation forget about Coronavirus.
Another infected case. Another building is sealed off. #coronaviruschina #coronavirus #ChinaVirus 
#China censors struggle to contain wave of online criticism, grief, anger after death of #coronavirus whistleblower doctor Li Wenliang. Even state media outlets initially praised him - but of course later deleted the posts  …
Coronavirus: what Xi fears most is Chinese turning on the Communist Party  …
#coronavirus Summary of several days with people falling, dead ... sad but true... China crisis. And tomorrow maybe the rest of the world... 
#CoronavirusOutbreak The second prefab hospital dedicated to novel coronavirus patients, Wuhan Leishenshan Hospital, is preparing to admit patients. The first batch of medical staff has entered the hospital. 
NOW: Residents’ assembly at Mei Foo where a #coronavirus quarantine site will be situated. Civic Party lawmakers @ClaudiaMCMo & Helena Wong in attendance. Food & Health undersecretary Dr Chui Tak-yi invited but just said that he has another appointment. An empty chair  – at Mei Foo Sun Chuen 美孚新邨
Another forced isolation for infected #coronavirus patient. The patient was rebuked sharply by the #CDC officers: "Crouch down! Crouch!" They were treated more like criminals than patients! #CCP_is_terrorist 
Please share this widely  sense advice. Masks are crap. Wash your hands. Lots of people die from flu - all the time - this is less deadly than flu. #DontPanic Coronavirus:  a doctor in his 30s has died? And other questions  …
The #coronavirus outbreak is getting more and more serious, and this is how the cleaning staff in #Chinaare cleaning the handrail of the escalator #2019nCoV 
Canada asks travellers from Chinese province hit by coronavirus to not go dancing on the weekend, resist temptation to go to Starbuck and avoid movie theatres Or Health Canada official might pout Get Real Trudeau  …
Coronavirus: Supermarkets restock shelves after coronavirus concerns lead to queues; some say hoarding is 'ridiculous'  …
BREAKING: British family of four are tested in Majorca hospital for coronavirus  into contact with holidaymaker who got infected in France  
China is sacrificing a province to save the world from coronavirus 
Patients at Wuhan's #coronavirus hospital given turtle meat 'for it's healing power'  …
Exactly. I think this is on song. Coronavirus: what Xi fears most is Chinese turning on the Communist Party  …
Coronavirus poised to outstrip SARS as global death toll hits 724  …. NOW TELL US THE TRUTH ..724 DEATHS ?WHERE DID I SEE THE TRUE FIGURES WHICH WERE QUICKLY REMOVED WHICH WAS RUNNING INTO 
China decides to ban wildlife  during the the period of prevention and control of the novel #coronavirus pneumonia epidemic #nCoV2019, State Administration for Market Regulation said 
Four Charts That Help Explain How the #Coronavirus Spread Wuhan officials stayed silent for weeks as millions traveled through the epicenter of the outbreak. By the time the alarm was raised, it was too late. By @SixthTone  
Shanghai government to help Tesla resume production amid coronavirus epidemic  
Pangolins are covered in overlapping scales thought to have medicinal properties. They are the most heavily trafficked non-human mammals in the world which is being blamed as a source of #coronavirus. Not the L4 biochemical containment lab in 
Coronavirus death of U.S. citizen in China appears to be 1st American fatality. 
They are having to go to quarantine...And don't want to have to go quarantine with people that have the coronavirus...Because they don't have it... They was around someone that has it..But they don't have any symptoms..But they are making them go.. If I understand it it right
U.S. citizen diagnosed with coronavirus dies in Wuhan, China, reports say  …
Cruise ship quarantined in Hong Kong against novel coronavirus #WorldDream #NovelCoronavirus  
If coronavirus don’t kill Singaporeans, Singaporeans will.
#BaitATroll Vaccinations cause autism, down syndrome, coronavirus, ebola, gluten allergies, far sightedness, near sightedness, veganism, and obesity
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is pledging up to $100 million to help find a vaccine for the coronavirus, limit its spread and improve the detection and treatment of patients. 
The new virus pneumonia is named as "Novel #coronavirus pneumonia" (NCP): China's National Heath Commission 
#Pangolins may have spread #coronavirus to humans, researchers found  via @Guardian | The disease has killed over 720 people worldwide as of today, mostly in China. Int'l trade in all 8 species of #pangolin is prohibited under CITES. by 
Tesla Gigafactory Shanghai China Resume Production Feb 10, Says Gov. This is a piece of exciting news, Giga Shanghai is located in a very remote area of Shanghai and basically autonomous. Tesla can maintain coronavirus problem at its lowerst risk.  …
Something tells me the Chinese government isn't being fully transparent about WHAT THE FUCK IS REALLY GOING ON OVER THERE???!!! #coronavirus 
Australia's public broadcaster, esp in times of a national emergency like #coronavirus and #bushfires - plus the announcement of a veterans'  - is the ABC. That is where your messages to Australians are to be delivered. Stop with your Alan Jones'  …
#Break Brazil rescues 1 Indian national from #Wuhan Brazilian Air Force flight with 40 evacuees dropped off 4 Poles, 1 Chinese, 1 Indian in Poland. @IndiaToday @MEAIndia @jairbolsonaro @narendramodi @DrSJaishankar @BrazilEmbassyIN @indiainbrazil #coronavirus 
#CoronavirusOutbreak: The new virus pneumonia is named as "Novel coronavirus pneumonia" (NCP), spokesperson for China's National Heath Commission says 
HKUST Research Team Invents Coronavirus Detection Device Offering Diagnostic Results in 40 Minutes while the current polymerase chain reaction (PCR) technology takes between 1.5 to 3 hours. #WuhanCoronovirus #CoronavirusOutbreak Source: Stand News; 
Let’s pray together that the Coronavirus will die down soon so all these hoarders will be regretting their decision at the end of the day.
#Coronavirus cases on #DiamondPrincess cruise ship rises to 64 STORY:  
Coronavirus travel bans: shutting the door on China now will hurt goodwill and cooperation in the future  …
Japan confirms 3 more coronavirus cases on cruise liner; total now 64  
Rice has been restocked but seriously what happened to hongkongers’ menstrual cycle #coronavirus 
China locked down at least 50 million people to stop the spread of coronavirus. Did it work? 
Trials of Gilead's experimental coronavirus drug could begin in China next week 
Maps showing the economic sectors by region in China and the number of confirmed cases of the coronavirus, plus top producers for all sectors 
someone in my hometown has the Coronavirus... Can we get an F in the chat y’all
Forget face masks and rubber gloves. This is the best way to avoid the coronavirus 
Conspiracy theories go viral on Russian state-controlled media. #coronavirus 
Importers finding it difficult to clear goods from various ports due to non-arrival of documents because of Coronavirus may approach the Finance Ministry with details for redressal : FM @nsitharaman @pibchennai @FinMinIndia @PIB_India #Budget2020 #finance 
#BREAKING China's public health authority decided to give a "temporary name" to pneumonia caused by #nCoV2019. It's called 新型冠狀病毒肺炎(novel coronavirus pneumonia). The abbreviations in Chinese and English are 新冠肺炎 and NCP respectively. 
Only 1 death so far registered in the Philippines while more than 2,000 patients have successfully recovered from the novel coronavirus as of Saturday morning @One News. There is no doomsday after all to feed the yellow trolls like Francis Baraan. 
Live: Press conference on China's efforts to contain novel #coronavirus  …
The toll from the coronavirus continues to spread world-wide. In China, it is now attacking the power and prestige of Chinese leader Xi Jinping. 
Inside the "Fire's Eye" laboratory in #Wuhan: the new lab, opened on Feb 6, can detect up to 10,000 samples per day for nucleic acid test for novel coronavirus pneumonia (NCP). Over 20 medical institutions and 12 third-party bodies in Wuhan are now qualified for such testing. 
CDC estimates that so far this season there have been at least 22 million flu illnesses, 210,000 hospitalizations and 12,000 deaths from flu in the US. Not coronavirus. Regular old flu. There have been 12 cases of Chinese Coronavirus in the US. 
Interesting data from the Indonesian government on coronavirus - again showing Indonesia conspicuously absent from the virus’ spread. Officially there are still no confirmed cases in the country 
If you’re worried about coronavirus, here’s the official Bill of Mortality for week 19-26 September 1665 in London ~ 7,165 died from Plague, not to mention “Teeth” (121), “Frighted” (3), “Wormes” (15) & just “Suddenly” (1). But I’m not sure if this makes me feel better or worse… 
On the deadliest day of the Wuhan coronavirus outbreak, with 86 fatalities in mainland China, the US Embassy confirmed the first death of a US citizen from the virus  
Scientists question work suggesting pangolin coronavirus link 
What if the Chinese government created the coronavirus so that they could wipe out a few people because there's too many of them ?? 
Never have I been more proud of my people. Coronavirus: British man who caught virus ‘beat flu with glass of hot whisky’ - Mirror Online  …
The new coronavirus is not an excuse to be racist  
 Assam government for the prompt n much-needed precautionary action of deploying a doctor n medical team at d Guwahati airport to tackle any Coronavirus related cases. This is as per d directive issued by Union Health Ministry. 
Empty beaches and suspended flights: Indonesian tourism is taking a hit from coronavirus fears  
#Coronavirus latest: - Confirmed cases in China rose to 34,621, including 723 deaths; - A total of 24 other countries have confirmed  278 infections, as Japan and the United Arab Emirates respectively reported three and two additional cases More:  
#Thailand’s public health ministry reported seven new cases of the coronavirus on Saturday, including three Thais and four Chinese. The new cases brought the total reported in the country to 32.
Good Morning Uganda, Today the Wuhan Coronavirus cases stand at; • Confirmed 34,627 (3416 higher than yesterday) • Suspected cases 27,657 (4214 higher than yesterday) • Dead 723 (86 higher than yesterday) Dear Gov’t, are we really safer here? #EvacuateUgandansInWuhan
Wow just ordered a takeaway online in China. The label tells me the names and temperatures of the person who made it, who packed it and also the guy who delivered it to me #coronavirus 
Hangzhou, a city of 10 mln, today stopped pharmacies from selling fever/cough drugs to force anyone sick to go to the hospital and get checked for coronavirus. China's draconian restrictions have at times been counterproductive, but this takes the cake.  …
Vendors have set up self-service vegetable stalls in villages in Zhejiang amid the novel #coronavirus outbreak. 
BREAKING: Filipino diagnosed with new #coronavirus in UAE: Emirati state news agency 
A U.S. citizen diagnosed with coronavirus has died in China — the first American to die from the illness 
Africa's response to the Coronavirus outbreak has been dismal Had roles been reversed, a travel ban would have been implemented immediately. A whole continent would have been quarantined But here we are Our leaders are more concerned about maintaining economic relationships
208/ #coronavirus tests update: 43 tests have been performed on samples taken from suspected patients who recently returned from China. Alhamdolilah all of them are negative. This includes also a sample of a student from Khairpur.
The #coronavirus official figures going past the SARS official death toll will be a key moment in #China. Now 36,627 infected; another 27,657 suspected of infection; 723 dead (including a #US citizen in #Wuhan) and 2127 recovered and released from hospital.
Reality: China is  to handle this virus and yet they keep turning down help from the WHO and the United States for fear of what will be revealed. Not fair to the world. #china #coronavirus  …
Scientists from Imperial College London have fast-tracked the development of a coronavirus vaccine. The team of researchers believe that if coronavirus  a global pandemic, their vaccine will arrive in time to fight it.  …
Coronavirus? I only drink Modelo foo 
Turning disadvantage to an advantage #coronavirus 
First death from #coronavirus never “confirmed” by #Beijing - Family member of the first guy who died in the #coronavirus epidemic, Mr. Wang, told China News Weekly that he was the first person to die from the virus infection but he was never a confirmed case by the government. 
Should cannabis be legalized - Yes. It’s logical. Modi ji has already discovered weed energy anyway. But does cannabis “kill coronavirus”? Nope, you m0ron. Stop sharing random memes as science.  …
JUST IN: Seven new cases of coronavirus in Thailand
Video: #China infected people purposely spreading virus in #Wuhan, points to a cult in china tied to lab in wuhan spreading virus. china has shut down cities on mass scale to prevent such acts. #CoronarvirusOutbreak #coronavirus #WuhanVirus #wuhan  …
Thoughts on the Australian economy - Aus is going to be hit hard by the coronavirus/Chinese lock-downs, harder still the longer industry is closed. - The precise impact will likely remain a mystery for at least a couple of weeks But one thing is certain tough times are ahead
...drink up you stupid mthrfkrs... Trump-Loving Conspiracy Nuts Tout Drinking Bleach as a ‘Miracle’ Cure for Coronavirus  …
A U.S. citizen diagnosed with coronavirus has died in China, in what appears to be the first death of an American from the virus.  …
*ANTIVIRUS FOR CORONAVIRUS FREE DOWNLOAD* 
Coronavirus cases on cruise ship marooned off Japan rise to 61  
BREAKING: A Filipino is among the two new cases of novel coronavirus in the United Arab Emirates, according to the official Emirates News Agency  
A Japanese man in his 60s suspected of contracting coronavirus has died of pneumonia in a Wuhan hospital, according to the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs 
KFC and Pizza Hut launch "contactless" delivery in China to ease coronavirus infection fears  
Sir I think you need to smarten up first there is no vaccine for the new strand of corona virus, there is a vaccine for the flu strand every year. The flu has a case mortality rate or 0.1% meanwhile the new strand of coronavirus has a case fatality rate of 2%
#BREAKING: 7 new cases of the Novel #coronavirus in Thailand, the total is now at 32. Among the new case are 4 Chinese (1 tourist, 3 family members of a former case) and 3 Thais (1 contact with a former case, 1 Thai flying in from Wuhan, 1 contact with tourist). 10 discharged.
The White House has asked U.S. scientists and medical researchers to investigate the scientific origins of the novel coronavirus, as misinformation about the outbreak spreads online. 
At  ministry, the crowd boos as the minister appears for the opening ceremony to sell masks after one hour delay. (Ceremony for selling masks? ) #coronavirus  …
Hundreds of volunteers have formed a lifeline for the residents of Wuhan, China, a sprawling metropolis of 11 million people, by driving medical staff to and from overcrowded hospitals where rows of feverish patients are fighting the coronavirus outbreak 
#UPDATE The death toll from China's #coronavirus outbreak soars to 722, including the first foreign victim, a 60-year-old US citizen diagnosed with the virus who died in Wuhan, the city at the epicentre of the health emergency  
I want you to watch this video then consider something: Zerohedge posted an article saying the #coronavirus had HIV strains in it. Claims were made that Wuhan has a bio weapons lab. Claims are made that this virus is airborne. Why is China doing this? 
yes i am a coughing asian girl you should avoid at all costs—not because i got coronavirus’d but because i just smoked a fat blernt and need to be ALONE
2/7 #coronavirus The “whistleblower” #LiWenliang was attacked viciously and shamelessly by 9 CCP official TV channels on 1/1, blaming him “spreading rumors” on #CoronavirusOutbreak. Now their broadcasting proved they are the true liars. CCP will forever be condemned in 
A video taken by a medical staff in Hong Kong. Medical Staffs actually need to line up to buy surgical masks buy themselves. #GovHK doesn't even provide them with basic equipment. GovHK is worse than a government in 3rd world countries. #Coronavirus 
BREAKING: U.S. citizen dead from coronavirus in Wuhan. 
China's #coronavirus death toll rises to 722 with at least 34,546 people infected  
“We can confirm a 60-year old US citizen diagnosed with #coronavirus died at Jinyintian Hospital in Wuhan, China on February 6. We offer our sincerest condolences to the family on their loss. Out of the respect for the family’s privacy, we have no  - U.S. embassy
Earlier, it was reported that the cause of death of some people was classified as "pneumonia," even though there were suspicions of coronavirus. As a result, their deaths were not included in the death toll for coronavirus.  …
Japan has confirmed that the number of people who tested positive for the novel coronavirus on board the Diamond Princess ship off the coast of Yokohama reached 61.  …
Click to see how China's Anhui Province protects medical staff from #Coronavirus infection in a high-tech way 
CORONAVIRUS LATEST: - An American woman died from the coronavirus in Wuhan, @nytimes says - A Japanese man suspected to have contracted the virus also died in the Chinese city - Death toll now at 724 
Right now people are suffering because of misinformation, and outright racism. We need to stand together, and to support those most directly affected by #coronavirus  …
While Pakistan ignored its citizens in coronavirus hit Wuhan, India had offered to evacuate them along with all neighbours: Foreign minister tells Rajya Sabha 
JUST IN: US citizen dies of coronavirus in Wuhan: embassy | via 
The American who died from the coronavirus in Wuhan was a woman, around 60 years old, who had underlying health conditions, according to two people familiar with the matter. Follow our updates here.  …
"At the critical time of fighting #coronavirus, I express my sincere sympathy for Chinese people, and pray for the speedy control and victory over the virus," UK's Queen Elizabeth II said in her encouraging message to China  …
UPDATE: U.S. embassy in Beijing to @CBSNews just now. “We can confirm a 60-year old U.S. citizen diagnosed with coronavirus died at Jinyintian Hospital in Wuhan, China on February 6. We offer our sincerest condolences to the family on their loss.” #WuhanCoronavirus  …
Japan's Foreign Ministry says a Japanese man died of severe pneumonia at a Wuhan hospital. He is believed to have be infected with the new coronavirus but it was difficult to make a diagnosis and Chinese officials listed his cause of death as "viral pneumonia"
As China races to contain the Wuhan coronavirus, a hospital has been built in just 10 days, and another is expected to open soon. How do you go about creating — in a matter of days — a large-scale field hospital? 
A Harvey Norman store in regional New South Wales has been criticised for putting out a sign claiming its mattresses are free from the coronavirus because they are Australian-made. 
Hospital Authority officials call for unity in fight against coronavirus but then say workers who went on strike may be punished. The right to strike is enshrined in Basic Law so it’s unclear on what grounds HA may legally retaliate.  …
EMOTIONAL DIARY: Over the past month on the front lines of the #coronavirus battle, Dr Peng has been brought to tears many times- what really got to him, though, was the death of an acutely ill pregnant woman when treatment stopped for lack  …
JUST IN: An American citizen died in Wuhan from the coronavirus outbreak, @nytimes reported  
#BREAKING US citizen dies of coronavirus in Wuhan: embassy 
The sprinkle battalion is back on the streets of Wuhan, China. Night after night and more trucks than ever before. #coronavirus 
At least 724 people have died as a result of the coronavirus, with the number of confirmed cases jumping to over 34,000 worldwide.  …
katy has made a song for the coronavirus! all the profits will be donated to find a cure! listen to the snippet here 
Japan and the United States have each said over the last hour that one their citizens died in Wuhan after being infected with the #coronavirus.
US citizen has died from coronavirus in Wuhan, China, according to US Embassy in Beijing; it is believed to be first American death in outbreak  …
China's ruling Communist Party is facing anger and recriminations from the public over the death of a doctor who was threatened by police after trying to sound the alarm about the new coronavirus over a month ago. 
Something I've seen in Korean news emphasize but not in white news outlets is how "coronavirus" is not exactly the right term to use but specifically it should be refered to as "a new strain of the coronavirus" as  cold is also a coronavirus.
JUST IN: US citizen in Wuhan has died of coronavirus
Reuters: U.S. CITIZEN DIED FROM CORONAVIRUS IN CHINA'S WUHAN IN FIRST DEATH OF AN AMERICAN FROM OUTBREAK - NEW YORK TIMES
#BREAKING: A United States citizen has died from the new coronavirus in Wuhan, China, in what appeared to be the first death of an American from the outbreak. (1/2)
The coronavirus was unleashed to stop the Hong Kong protests and it got out of hand: Change my mind
Apartment Buildings being sealed off in china. But it's just a coronavirus right? Just a flue? 
SCOOP: A U.S. citizen died in Wuhan on Thursday from the coronavirus, in what appeared to be the first death of an American from the outbreak. The person was around 60 years old.  …
A total of 86 people in mainland China died from the Wuhan coronavirus on Friday, according to the country's National Health Commission. That was the highest single-day death toll since the Chinese authorities began issuing daily updates. 
"Hundreds of miles from Hubei, additional 30 million Chinese are in coronavirus lockdown"  …
Dear people in Wuhan, China and other countries, who are now facing hard times caused by the coronavirus outbreak, Keep fighting and stay strong! Our love and thoughts are with you all. 
Hundreds of volunteers have formed a lifeline for the residents of Wuhan, China, a sprawling metropolis of 11 million people, by driving medical staff to and from overcrowded hospitals where rows of feverish patients are fighting the coronavirus outbreak 
RAPID TESTING - it’s the only way to defeat the until we have a vaccine. Slow screening processes have hampered the fight against the coronavirus outbreak. Scientists working on portable, rapid detection devices that offer results in just 30 minutes  …
This is what Coronavirus looks like 
—Another 86 deaths from the coronavirus are reported in China, pushing the death toll above 700 —Royal Caribbean bars passengers from China —China ignores offers of help from the C.D.C. and W.H.O. Latest updates: 
It’s often misunderstood: In Asia  to wear masks WHEN you are sick so you won’t infect others, not necessarily as a prevention to not get sick yourself. With the #coronavirus where possibly transmission happens before symptoms, it’s therefore logical most wear masks
WOW: Wuhan Hospital Announces Death of Chinese Doctor Who Warned of Coronavirus  
Xi Jinping in on a war footing with coronavirus outbreak. Yes, he's faced challenges before, but nothing like this. Noteworthy that his critics now feel emboldened to speak out. Must-read work from a formidable pair, @Lingling_Wei and 
The World Health Organization has: - asked countries not to ban tourists from #China - Said others should learn from China, which hid the news and punished whistleblowers If the WHO focuses on sucking up to #China at risk of the world's health, it should be defunded #coronavirus
As China races to contain the Wuhan coronavirus, a hospital has been built in just 10 days, and another is expected to open soon. How do you go about creating — in a matter of days — a large-scale field hospital? 
As information about coronavirus began to spread, residents and news outlets in China felt an urgency to share what they knew, in defiance of a state propaganda apparatus that stresses positivity at all times. 
Frydenberg wants to wait two months to see how the economy is going after bushfires and coronavirus to decide if action is needed. That’s like driving towards a cliff and deciding to hit the break when you’ve already plummeted to the ground and exploded. He’s 
It’s Wuhan and the spray machines are back,again . #coronavirus 
#Apple is extending its retail store closures in #China to Feb. 15 as the #coronavirus continues to spread. Apple last week said it would close all 42 stores in China until Feb. 10.
A Chinese doctor reprimanded for warning against a "SARS-like" coronavirus before it was officially recognized died of the illness on Friday, triggering online expressions of anger at the government and fuelling suspicions of censorship. 
The planet is trying to tell us something There were locusts in Africa recently Coronavirus spreading across Asia Australia was burning It was 65 degrees in Antarctica today We must wake up and take care of our planet There is no planet B #OneVoice1 
Central China's Hubei Province reported 2,841 new confirmed cases of novel coronavirus infection and 81 new deaths on Friday  
Japan confirms 3 more coronavirus cases on cruise liner; total now 64  
Coronavirus has been linked to Joe Biden! Video evidence of first 
this is ridiculous. even the booze is gone. are we trying to drink ourselves to death before the Coronavirus gets us? 
Four cruise ship passengers were hospitalized once the vessel docked in Bayonne, New Jersey, Friday as a precaution against the coronavirus. 
As the Wuhan coronavirus continues to spread, two US-based cruise lines are forbidding people with Chinese, Hong Kong or Macau passports from boarding their cruise ships, according  statements 
Samples from Australians being cared for in Christmas Island DC have been sent to the mainland as a precautionary measure. Why send people into isolation only to have samples needed to be sent to the mainland? #coronavirus  …
In Memory of Dr. Li WenLiang Li WenLiang, one of the eight whistleblowers of Wuhan coronavirus, has died, leaving his pregnant wife who is also infected, and their 5-yr old son  via @Gnews202064
Coronavirus: China’s Xinjiang camps are a neglected high-risk area and should be closed  …
perc 30 black air force one activity teejayx6 jorja smith horny hellcat in her driveway playboi carti leaks pain coronavirus ww3 kobe nick bosa white house visit jackson mahomes tik tok lizzo fat
Keep up to date with foreign ex-pats in China, living through the #coronavirus outbreak, with our new series #BeStrongChina. Meet Frankie from England in this video! 
Convoy carrying 57 Americans set to be quarantined at Camp Ashland, Nebraska departs Eppley Airfield. #CoronaVirus |  …
U.S. Prepared To Send $100M In Aid To China, Others To Help Fight Coronavirus  … 
A sense of humour important even in the most difficult times. #coronavirus  – at 日坛公园 Ritan Park
Anger is growing in China over the death of the doctor who raised the alarm over the new coronavirus, and was arrested 
Am I alone in noticing this? #Coronavirus falls far short of better known pandemics, people are responding with absolute panic. The #ClimateCrisis could end life as we know it but people ignore  …
The pangolin is considered the most trafficked animal on the planet. It is also endangered and will now possibly be in more trouble as authorities believe it is a host for coronavirus. We need to protect our wildlife from ourselves. 
China isn’t reporting an accurate number of coronavirus victims which they say is officially 31,000. It’s estimated that it’s really closer to 90,000, but not to worry, China has their best and smartest healthcare providers on the scene. 
The dont worry, it's no worse than a flu crew is back on the streets of Wuhan, China. Night after night and more trucks than ever before. #coronavirus 
First the flu, now coronavirus? Hospitals are preparing for a second surge if the virus spreads widely in the United States. 
I’ve seen many videos around the web where you see Chinese Police barricading people in their home. But the problem is these people are not being counted, because they didn’t “check in” into the hospitals. Death trap! #coronavirus 
#coronavirus: #Vietnam increased surveillance & patrolling of its border with #China to prevent illegal crossings by Chinese trying to escape from #coronavirus Many reports of Chinese heading to the border Vietnam Border Guard & militia personnel on the border 
All 645 Indians evacuated from China's Wuhan test negative for #coronavirus  …
The death toll from China's coronavirus outbreak soars to 722 as Hong Kong imposes a mandatory quarantine on mainland arrivals to block the spread of an epidemic that has caused global panic  
Y’all doing this but racially profiling Asian people over the Coronavirus  …
#Coronavirus announces her own makeup brand called #CoronaBeauty. Launching in summer 2020. 
Resident Representative of UNDP China: We are confident that together we will win this fight against #Coronavirus 
is every female on their period right now??? have all of our cycles synced???? is this really how coronavirus started
Shiseido top brands’ sales halved in China Burberry store sales have fallen 80% in China Disney sees $135mil profit decrease if Shanghai park stays closed The business impact when Chinese consumers disappear bc of coronavirus  quantifiable  …
Yeah, don’t shop at Harvey Norman. Via a Facebook post. #Coronavirus 
In light of the recent raise to DORSCON orange and the unpredictable nature of the novel coronavirus, we will be taking the following steps at #piecesofhopesg please read and help us in making the event experience a safer one! 
You can never too careful. Wash or sanitize your hands frequently & don't touch your face before you do. Stay safe out there peeps #coronavirus #nCoV #CoronaVirus 
They're treating Tom Steyer like he's got a case of the Coronavirus #DemDebate
Fact Check: Did China seek court approval to kill 20,000 coronavirus patients to stop the spread of the infection? 
I tuned into the debate late, who on the stage has the Coronavirus?
Michael Gu, @boxmining is LIVE from Hong Kong talking #Coronavirus and real situation on the ground. He just spoke of a missing citizen journalist who was counting trucks delivering bodies to the crematoriums to try and figure out the real number of dead  … – at National Institutes of Health (NIH)
Two cruise ships are quarantined in Asia. Another has been turned away from some ports, though there is no suggestion that any passengers, current or former, have been infected with Wuhan coronavirus. Here's what we know. 
Were coronavirus cruise ship passengers all infected by ONE passenger? 80-year-old who travelled for five days may have brought bug on in Japan 
Imprisoned at home at shooting that viral 8 bodies in 5 minutes" #coronavirus video of #Wuhan hospital, #FangBin calls for a nationwide resistance movement. "Everyone should be united to fight against the tyranny of the Communist Party." Evil doers should be held 
Having breakfast this morning at the Marina Bay Sands Hotel, Singapore. Coronavirus is still a big issue. We're taking precautions! Miss you and Love you all. Peace, Love and Respect ! 
German researchers say Novel Coronavirus likely stays active and Infectious On Surfaces For Up To 9 Days at room temperature. The study is published in the Journal of Hospital  …
14/ It's of vital importance that we acknowledge coronavirus is not an excuse for xenophobia & definitely not a substantial excuse to attack anyone. The most frightening part of current epidemic is not virus itself, but the fear & hatred that is caused by false rumours & biases.
11/ If you wonder saying  from Wuhan, China  what about saying  from Germany or an encephalitis virus originating from Japan?
As the Coronavirus became a worldwide health emergency, it frightens almost everyone in the world. 1/ The disease itself is terrifying, but what is more terrifying is the panic caused by misinformation, false rumours and bias.
China's coronavirus death toll rises to 722 with 3,399 new confirmed cases   …
Those empty streets of Wuhan having a population of 11 million are shaping a deadly atmosphere in China. Its pretty shocking to know where they all have gone. This ghost look of such a big city is thoroughly abnormal. China must tell the world...the bitter reality #coronavirus 
Imprisoned at home after shooting that viral 8 bodies in 5 minutes" #coronavirus video of #Wuhan hospital, #FangBin says there is no way back. Everyone should stand up and fight the tyranny. "Don't be afraid, victory must be ours." His WeChat account was shut 
I still find it amazing that there’s no recorded cases of Coronavirus in Indonesia.
The Coronavirus Ain't Got Shit On Bieber Fever (NEW SINGLE)  … 
One day after Singapore raise Coronovirus outbreak alert to Orange.... Crazy queue for buying face masks this morning at ABC Bedok Central. #coronavirus #singapore 
This is disturbing: “someone noticed that the ratio in the official figures for the [official] total dead to the total diagnosed coronavirus cases has remained exactly 2.1 percent every day since Jan. 30. This magical virus is very good at math!”  …
Here's a look into one of #Wuhan's "hospitals" created to treat patients with #CoronaVirus. If you didn't have it  to the hospital, you definitely have it after entering. The #CCP is turning hospitals into morgues. 
#Coronavirus stuns in new photo, one of the clearest depictions of the virus. What do you rate this look? 
Daily confirmed cases of #coronavirus on Chinese mainland outside of Hubei Province have been decreasing for four days in a row. The numbers are: - Feb. 3: 890 - Feb. 4: 731 - Feb. 5: 707 - Feb. 6: 696 - Feb. 7: 558 
Diamond Princess cruise ship quarantine extended after Japan finds 3 more cases of coronavirus on board 
Coronavirus cases as on 6th Feb, 2020: CHN:28,093 JPN:45 SIN:30 THA :25 HKG:24 KOR:23 AUS:15 MAL:14 TPE:13 GER:13 USA:12 VIE:12 MO:10 FRA:6 CAN:5 UAE:5 UK:3 PHI:3 IND:3 RUS:2 ITA:2 NEP:1 CAM:1 SRI:1 FIN:1 SWE:1 BEL:1 ESP:1
Japan - 3 more on ship test positive for #2019nCov #coronavirus for a total of 64.  …
Coronavirus latest update Till now: 34598+ (4000+new cases 2,298 in critical condition. 723+deaths #coronavirus #CoronaOutbreak 
China orders Wuhan to round up all suspected coronavirus patients and put them in quarantine camps 
Left hand side is @hkpoliceforce and right hand side is Ambulance officer. How shame of @Hong Kong police who wear full gear but our Ambulance officer just have normal protection. That is how HK government. @SolomonYue #coronaviruschina #ChinaCoronaVirus #coronavirus 
Updated chart for the outbreak of coronavirus in China 
Update on coronavirus: Now 34546 infected 27,657 suspected 722 dead And W.H.O saying there might be a shortage of protective supplies. .  …
If I dint know this is the coronavirus , I would have put this as a decoratory piece in my room..Considering how cute it looks, I guess God has a very sadistic and cruel sense of humour 
Virtually imprisoned at home, #FangBin, who shot that viral "8 bodies in 5 minutes" video of #Wuhan hospital, says the only reason the police hasn't broken in is the world's attention. He cannot stop speaking out. "If they  to me, they'll turn to you." #Coronavirus 
Knowledge ttg Novel Coronavirus (2) 
The world cries for Dr. #LiWenliang. #China #coronavirus  …
I'm CONFUSED. IF THE VIRUS IS TRANSMITTED HUMAN TO HUMAN BUT THERE ARE NO HUMANS ON THE STREETS BECAUSE OF THE 60M PPL QUARANTINE, THEN WHY ARE THEY SPRAYING THE STREETS? Another video of chemical disinfection in the streets of Wuhan #coronavirus  02
How can you avoid coronavirus on flights? Forget masks, a top airline doctor says. They may even encourage the growth of viruses and bacteria. 
I can’t tell if the Coronavirus isn’t that big of a deal but we’re thinking it is because the media is sensationalizing it or if it IS a big deal and told not to freak out because it would cause a panic.
Coronavirus reminds us: Border security is national security  via @NYDailyNews
Myanmar's watermelons intended for export to China are being left to rot, because the coronavirus outbreak has jammed logistics at the Chinese border  
Buckle up and don’t forget you #FaceMask! Russia’s #Omsk cabbie taking no chances #coronavirus 
Tesla China Donates ¥5M To Help Fight Coronavirus  
A LESSON ON THE PUT/CALL RATIO AND WHY IT'S TELLING US THAT TRUMP WILL GET THE CORONAVIRUS :) 
White House asks scientists to investigate origins of coronavirus  …
Coronaviruses are a family of hundreds of viruses that can cause fever and respiratory problems. The 2019 novel coronavirus is one of seven members of this family known to infect humans, and the third in past three decades to jump from animals to humans 
If the Coronavirus is a serious threat, we must stop all travel to and from China.
The death toll from China’s coronavirus outbreak is inching closer to the total from SARS 
SANDSHREW used CORONAVIRUS! It’s super effective!  …
Coronavirus quarantine measures may be ineffective at best and could even cause harm  …
Several people on my town's Facebook page are debating the risks of contracting coronavirus by popping bubble wrap because it contains Chinese air and I will be listing the house tomorrow. (Any replies starting with "Well, you know..." will immediately be blocked.)
Lockheed Martin drops out of Singapore Airshow over coronavirus concerns  
When China sealed off Wuhan, it also crippled a key piece of the global supply chain. Here's how the coronavirus fight could backfire on the world economy  
To contain the spread of #novel coronavirus, Hangzhou suspends selling of medicines for #fever and #cough at all local retail #pharmacies since Saturday, to push residents with those symptoms to see doctors immediately instead of taking medicines 
"If the severity is low, the majority of people experience mild to moderate symptoms while people in high-risk groups may experience more severe illness." According to experts, this appears to be the case with the novel coronavirus so far."  …
I wonder how long before other countries start leveraging China's preoccupation with #CoronaVirus to their own benefits in say, the South China Sea or the US-China trade war, or even the Sino-Indian Himalayan borders .. Or is it too early for that at this stage? #JustAsking
Today is #Thaipusam, a holy festival in which devotees fulfill vows & give thanks for blessings they have received. If you are taking part, do heed the additional measures to guard against the spread of the coronavirus. – LHL  
#Coronavirus Susceptibility to the Antiviral Remdesivir (GS-5734) Is Mediated by the Viral Polymerase and the Proofreading Exoribonuclease  …
The Hong Kong protests didn’t cancel this year’s Art Basel, but coronavirus did 
After his death from the same illness he was warned not to mention, Dr. Li Wenliang became the rarest of symbols: a martyr who has inspired a firestorm of criticism of the government’s handling of the coronavirus epidemic 
A total of 106 military trucks started on Sat to deliver some 285 tonnes of daily supplies to #Wuhan to support the city and its people in  against #coronavirus. (Video: China Central Television) 
Climate, immunity,  Indonesia's zero recorded coronavirus cases raise questions 
China: 86 weitere Tote durch Coronavirus  … #China #Coronavirus
Mainland China reports 86 new coronavirus deaths on Feb. 7  
#Coronavirus update: 34,878 confirmed infected 27,657 suspected infected 724 fatalities THAT WE KNOW OF - many people in homes 6,107 in serious/critical condition 25 countries
China virus death toll soars to 722, surpasses SARS count: official  #coronavirus
China invests 200 million yuan (28.67 million USD) to three hospitals in Hubei, the heart of the #coronavirus outbreak, for building treatment units for severe cases  
Pangolins could be the link that enabled coronavirus to spread from bats to humans, Chinese scientists claim 
Interestingly, the coronavirus might convince managers how effective and efficient it is to have people work from home, which would reduce transportation pollution in the future. #SilverLinings
BREAKING: The global death toll from novel coronavirus is now at 724. All but two of those who died were in mainland China. | 
(Thread) A timely read on China’s tacit refusal to invite US and WHO experts to help fight #coronavirus. While this  as a big surprise to international experts, China observers are all too familiar with the pattern. /1  …
3 days in a row of a levelling off of new novel #coronavirus cases in China. Is this a result of the massive public health intervention, or perhaps just reflective of a stretched healthcare system at capacity running short of testing kits? 
I know everyone is nervous about #coronavirus but I think this woman on my flight from Hong Kong to Melbourne was taking it a little far 
China reports 3,399 new confirmed cases of novel coronavirus infection, 86 new deaths. The overall confirmed cases on the Chinese mainland reaches 34,546, and a total of 722 people die of the disease  
Despite health authorities urging Australians to carry on with their lives as normal after the outbreak of the coronavirus, businesses in  in Melbourne have been feeling the pinch. 
Mayor Pete: This vial contains over ten thousands doses of Coronavirus, made at Fort Detrick, Maryland, right here in the USA, and if I don’t win the New Hampshire primary, it’s going in the water supply.
Update from #DiamondPrincess in Yokohama Port: Three more people on the cruise ship infected with #coronavirus, brining the total to 64.  …
After chaos, Dr Li Wenliang, coronavirus whistle-blower, confirmed dead at 34  He knew about the virus in Dec/2019 #DrLiWenliang #Coronavirus #epidemic
Nvidia is no longer attending Mobile World Congress, citing coronavirus risk  
Coronavirus death toll rises to 722 in China with 34,546 cases  
All 645 Indians evacuated from China's Wuhan test negative for coronavirus  Great to read that
How many people have to be infected, for us to stop seeing the #CoronaVirus as a #Chinese issue? The only way to  a shrinking world is to expand our thinking. Just like #climatechange, this is everyone’s challenge. We cannot save the world by ignoring the  …
Videos are surfacing from hastily put-together shelter "hospitals" used to quarantine people with mild coronavirus symptoms in Wuhan. The facility does not appear to have proper bathrooms and toilets are 200 meters away outside, which can be a problem if it's raining. 
Joe Biden is patient zero in this country and no one realizes it the man is a god damn coronavirus bioweapon  …
Yang’s first debate question is going to be about whether he has coronavirus
All coronavirus sequences should be published with their full genome files (incl .bam file) + any assembly details provided to alllow provenance and permit reproducibility testing. #Coronavirus #NCoV2020 Singular Genbank submissions after 12/1/2019 cannot be considered reliable
"The Coronavirus Shows Why the U.S. Must Make Pandemic Disease a National Security Priority," the latest from Lisa Monaco: 
#HongKong Gov't trying to draft staff from all dep'ts, and even retirees and former civil servants, for PURELY VOLUNTARY roles, relating to fighting #CoronavirusOutbreak. #WuhanCoronavirus #Coronavirus #WuhanPneumonia #Epidemic #2019nCoV #nCoV2019 #HK #HKG #Wuhan #China 
#UPDATE Three more people aboard a cruise ship quarantined off Japan have been tested positive for the novel #coronavirus, bringing the total number of confirmed cases on Diamond Princess cruise ship to 64. 
South China Agricultural University scientists find the genome sequences of viruses found on pangolins to be 99% identical to those on #coronavirus patients.  …
Why the WHO says masks will not stop the #coronavirus 
(1/x) Many Chinese cities adopting aggressive lockdown policies  coronavirus. Include: tough controls on mobility & collection of personal information. In Wuhan, mass shelters too. Definitely worth seeing if Party specifically drawing on recent policies in Xinjiang...
Live: Leishenshan Hospital, with a capacity of 1,600 beds, is the second hospital built  the #coronavirus  …
Her Majesty The Queen sent an encouraging message to President Xi and Chinese people: At the critical time of fighting #coronavirus, I express my sincere sympathy for Chinese people, and pray for the speedy control and victory over the virus. It was conveyed by Duke of York. 
People are asking why so much of US manufacturing is now in #coronavirus infected China. It is because the system wanted to punish domestic political opponents. We answered that months ago.  …
Please make your list tonight to shop this weekend for 14 days of food & water: Before a Pandemic  Gathering these items will allow you to be picky about when you shop in the future if there is an outbreak or natural disaster #coronavirus #2019nCov
Happy Thaipusam! I didn't know there were Grab-branded thaneer panthals! Also, people are taking no chances with the coronavirus even though there haven't been cases reported in Penang yet. 
Coronavirus death toll rises to 722 with 34,546 cases  
Hope that our candidates tonight will discuss the Public Health Crisis we are facing, and we are not talking about #Coronavirus We are talking about #GunViolence in America. 
"Message from Governor Koike on the Novel Coronavirus"  …
The Sudden Death of Canada's First Coronavirus Biosafety Level 4 Lab Director General - Was Dr. Frank Plummer Assassinated? Plummer was the scientist who took in a sample of same Coronavirus in 2013 from a patient in Saudi Arabia. ⁦  …
Tokyo Olympics organizers 'extremely worried' that coronavirus may hit games 
Chinese state television has released what it says is a recent video showing the production of medical supplies like hazmat suits and gloves used  the #coronavirus outbreak. The death toll in China for the virus rose to 636 people on Friday 
Over 2,000 #worshipers join in special #prayer to ward off the deadly #coronavirus in 
Rising number of patients recovered in China #coronavirus 
2/7 #coronavirus One girl who claimed she did not receive the city notice of staying home, drove in the city and was stopped by a group of policemen. She was dragged out of car with force and lost consciousness. This is happening everyday in China. This is XI’s discipline 
So this is the situation at NTUC FairPrice JEM this morning (8 Feb). The aftermath from last night. Due to the long queues at closing time, customers had to leave them aside #coronavirus #ncov 
The endangered pangolin may be the link that facilitated the spread of the novel coronavirus across China, Chinese scientists said Friday, February 7. FULL STORY:  …
Plane carrying 70 Americans returning from Wuhan, China, the center of the novel #coronavirus outbreak, lands at Eppley Airfield in Omaha.  …
If that’s not a horror movie..... eessshhhhhhh #coronavirus 
Coronavirus update: - 34,878 confirmed cases worldwide - 27,657 suspected cases - 724 fatalities - 6,107 in serious/critical condition - 2,050 recovered - Most cases in China - 25 countries reporting cases
#Breaking: 5 people at Travis AFB just north of San Francisco, #California who arrived on two evacuation flights from China are symptomatic of the Coronavirus however they have not officially been diagnosed according to the CDC ( @RamyInocencio)
As of Feb. 7, 2,841 new cases of #coronavirus have been reported in central China's Hubei Province. The total numbers for Hubei are: - 24,953 confirmed cases - 699 deaths - 1,115 discharged from hospitals - 67,802 under medical observation more:  
NEW: U.S. CDC says *five* people at Travis AFB north of San Francisco who arrived on two evacuation flights from Wuhan, China are “symptomatic” of #coronavirus - but have not been officially diagnosed. There are 234 people quarantined at that base. @CBSNews is here.
"The median time from their first symptoms to when they became short of breath was five days; to hospitalization, seven days; and to severe breathing trouble, eight days." New Report on 138 Coronavirus Cases Reveals Disturbing Details 
#China had confirmed 34546 #coronavirus cases by the end of Feb. 7 and the death toll had risen to 722, said the National Health Commission
3,399 new cases of #coronavirus reported in China as of Feb. 7. The total numbers are: - 34,598 confirmed, including 26 in HK, 10 in Macao and 16 in Taiwan - 723 deaths, including one in HK - 2,052 discharged, including one in Macao and one in Taiwan - 27,657 suspected cases 
The grand dining hall at construction site of #Leishenshan Hospital in #Wuhan, one of the two special hospitals built in 10 days to host #coronavirus patients. #雷神山医院 （工地？）万人食堂。 #武汉肺炎 
They Are Taking People Off Cruise Ships Docked In New Jersey And Sending Them Back To China In Fear Of Coronavirus  
Dear All, please make note of this important information with regard to #CoronaVirus and take necessary precautions. Please spread this useful information in your circles. Thanks!!! 
BREAKING: 3 more people diagnosed with coronavirus on cruise ship near Tokyo, raising ship's total to 64  …
The advice on the #coronavirus has been a shambles. This Govt can't manage a crisis of any sort.  …
China says there were 34,546 confirmed #coronavirus cases on Feb. 7. The death toll from the outbreak reached 722 in mainland China 
Singapore declared Code Orange due to #coronavirus and lastnight a baby  we invested in sold 3 weeks of stock in 3 hours.
Did China's Tencent Accidentally Leak The True Terrifying Coronavirus Statistics 
Coronavirus Threat. Dr. Fauci says we haven’t seen sustained transmission of the coronavirus outside of China, and the risk remains low in the U.S. #MAGA #AmericaFirst 
China reports 86 new coronavirus deaths, bringing mainland's death toll to 722. The number of confirmed cases was at 31,774 by end of day Friday.
Here is my updated daily chart of new #Coronavirus cases in China. Slight increase of Hubei, the rest of China declines again (Please do not abuse me for working with the only ground data that we have available) 
This is sad -- and wild. Chinese restaurants in Massachusetts have seen a "sudden and swift decline in business" because of fears over Coronavirus. Full statement here from the Massachusetts Restaurant Association, which is calling on residents to support those businesses. 
UPDATE: China's National Health Commission reports 498 new cases of coronavirus and 5 new deaths, adding to the 2,800 cases reported 2 hours ago  …
Coronavirus, with zero American fatalities, is dominating headlines, while the flu is the real threat 
People have shown up at Wuhan Central Hospital bringing flowers to pay respect and condolences to Dr. Li Wenliang who died from the novel #coronavirus at 34. He was one of the first to warn fellow medical professionals of the new virus. (Xinhua photos by Wang Yuguo) 
BREAKING: #Coronavirus death toll reaches 719 with 5,900 people in critical condition plus 34,000 confirmed cases. The virus has also been confirmed in over 25 countries.
Preparations underway at @OMAairport for the arrival of Kalitta Air 4377. #Coronavirus 
A scientist working on developing a coronavirus vaccine says that the treatment would, at the earliest, be available in early 2021. | 
Tales from the quarantined zones – The coronavirus outbreak has trapped people, both sick and healthy, in many countries. People locked down in China, Germany and the U.S. share their stories. See our full coverage here:  
"No 1 is expecting another political explosion of that nature [1989]—not least because public gatherings would b very difficult 2 organise amid widespread fear of contagion. But like the cases of coronavirus, the party’s problems r multiplying." -Economist  …
We are taking the necessary steps to prevent the spread of novel coronavirus in WA. It is a testament to our public health system that we remain at a single known case.  …
When you’re trying to share knowledge but also not catch coronavirus @balajis @0xProject 
This is not #China vs the world. This is humanity vs #coronavirus. If they fail, we all fail. If we can't help, let us at least pray 
>Get a Phd in Pathology from Duke >Talk about coronavirus >Have wikipedia page deleted for talking about coronavirus  …
In this hospital case study involving 138 coronavirus patients, 26% of patients required admission to the ICU and 4.3% died. 29% of the 138 coronavirus infected patients in the hospital study are actually infected medical staff.  
“If the officials had disclosed information about the epidemic earlier,” Dr. Li told The Times. “I think it would have been a lot better. There should be more openness and transparency.” @nytimes @ChuBailiang #Coronavirus #Outbreak #Virus 
For two frontline workers helping to fight the #coronavirus outbreak in China, saying 'I do' over a video call will have to do for now. 
#day4 captain just announced clinic is busy w/passengers with fever. Will send them out to hospital for checking. That’s why there is ambulance no more pls #coronavirus #coronaoutbreak #quarantine on #diamondprincess
i can no longer accept the reductionist argument that "flu kills more people" and the world is overreacting about coronavirus. at best it's a rhetorical tool to call out its racialization but mostly it dismisses the unfathomable unhumanitarian crisis billions of people are facing
China is asking for Canada’s help fighting coronavirus that kills them. But Canada asked for China’s help fighting fentanyl exports that kill us. We got little help from China. Maybe the Chinese would like to rethink that.  …
From dead, to alive, to dead again: How China handled #coronavirus doctor's death 
Tencent App May Have Leaked Real Figures Of Coronavirus In China; 400 Million Locked Down In Cities:  …  …
News AnalysisAs the #Coronavirus continues to spread, experts say hand #Hygiene is an effective method in preventing the infectious disease. A Gallup/WIN study found only 23% of people in mainland #China wash their hands with soap after using the  …
The Coronavirus is a Nightmare for the Global Economy  …
The U.S. may see many more cases of coronavirus starting next week, former FDA Commissioner Dr. Scott Gottlieb says. Catch our interview with him, plus much more tonight at 7 p.m. ET on our special report: Coronavirus Outbreak.  
Birds of prey flopping, mulan gonna flop because of the coronavirus, new mutants flopping because no one has faith in it. It’s all up to black widow yall 
“To be fair,” the pangolin told reporters amid questions regarding its role in the coronavirus outbreak, “I never for a moment thought any humans would try to eat me. I mean, look at me. What the fuck?” 
CORONAVIRUS OUTBREAK: 300+ Americans are under quarantine in San Antonio after escaping Wuhan. 4 passengers with flu-like symptoms were removed from a cruise ship in the U.S. Separately, 61 cases were confirmed on a ship in Japan. Here’s @RamyInocencio  
UNCONFIRMED FOOTAGE SHOWS A RESIDENTIAL BUILDING WAS SEALED TO CONTAIN THE CORONAVIRUS OUTBREAK IN CHINA 
Why mass detentions of Chinese Muslims are likely to worsen Coronavirus scare | Opinion  …
At least one of every two instances of human-to-human transmission of coronavirus is believed to occur while the first patient is not yet showing symptoms, according to Japanese university researchers.  …
China's coronavirus death toll soars to 717; total number of infections passes 34,000  
