Sure, if it is an extra-planetary life form...there seem to be a variety of cases at different stages. So that is unlikely. The bigger problem would be co-infections, e.g. with a relative harmless coronavirus. Happened with SARS and HKU I believe.
Google translate says “From the test results obtained so far, …, but it is really very inclined not to be SARS coronavirus. The homology is very low, with less than 4% gene coverage, making it impossible to judge. Need to test again.”  …
(Avian) influenza virus seems to be ruled out. Coronavirus still a possibility. Hopefully this will be solved soon #NGS  …
I have read somewhere else that they refer to 4% genome coverage. <4% homology makes no sense. Than it is for sure not a coronavirus
China - Media report on Wuhan mystery pneumonia: Influenza, avian influenza, and adenovirus infections can be ruled out - a new type of coronavirus disease is not ruled out.  … h/t Pathfinder
@OgbeniDipo Better glue to your career development jeje. Non of those countries you mentioned is predictable or will be foolish enough to let the world know their power. There is more to that which is not feasible and they're classified.
Great info sharing and detail @hayesluk. Agree a novel coronavirus has to be real consideration...
Food for thought here re potential newly emerging #coronavirus. Samples from Tuen Mun (Hong Kong) patient who tested negative to SARS, flu and avian flu to be sequenced, curious to see the results;  …
Why not SADS #coronavirus ? Outbreaks some time ago in pigs in southern China and able to infect human cells... Wuhan Inst Virology has the diagnostics to detect the virus quickly. So could be ruled out already....
Point 3 is especially insightful after Prof. David Hui’s sharing. #coronavirus and #sars were now not excluded as the possible etiological agent.
@CUHKofficial professor David Hui quoted from Beijing scholars that the Wuhan pneumonia might be caused by emerging #coronavirus 
Some background on the risk of re-emergence of #SARS-coronavirus or a novel SARS-related CoV. @EcoHealthNYC has been working since 2004 in China to trace back origins of SARS-CoV... @ProMED_mail @nycbat @hongying_li @TheMenacherryLab @Laurie_Garrett
Okay time to differentiate between SARS vs atypical pneumonia SARS is one type of viral respiratory infection that is caused by a virus: SARS-coronavirus [1] Atypical pneumonia is an umbrella term that describes pneumonia not caused by typical organisms*  …
Here is the purported lab report shared on Weibo. My on the fly, not a medical translator, translation: Detected results with high confidence: SARS [like?] coronavirus, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, 46 species of oral/respiratory colonization bacteria. (2/4) 
True statement: "There are many potential causes of viral pneumonia, many of which are  than severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus”.  viral ethology, by the time people have pneumonia, depending on test used the primary ethology may not be detected
The decade starts with a new Coronavirus outbreak it seems... @MattFrieman do they know if SARS corona or another one? Substantial #cases, so transmissibility seems higher than for MERS? Let’s hope it’s not  …
Still waiting on news from China. There is talk on Chinese social media of a coronavirus in 2 of 7 severely ill patients, but unconfirmed. I expect Wuhan authorities or China CDC will announce findings if they are convinced of an etiological role, or this could be just rumors...
“I heard that the 7 critical cases diagnosed were SARS, Wuhan Tongji Hospital, and Huada Gene Company. All the pathogens were confirmed to be coronavirus. Coronavirus has also been confirmed in the Houhu District of Wuhan Second Hospital.”  …
to summarise: they may have detected coronavirus of some sort, either known or newly identified?discovered. Data but early still.  or patients? All cases? CoVs around all the time and in winter.
My cat was at death’s doorstep this Christmas with suspected Feline infectious peritonitis, a typically fatal response to Coronavirus. Thankfully, now he is in the clear and still handsome as ever. 
They all want to  prime minister and they have more ability than rahul gandhi so give them chance
This is not a fish market... numerous kinds of wild animal were sold inside this “seafood” market. P.s. SARS Coronavirus was originated from civet cats.
Which suggests some coronavirus sequence has been obtained but it is not similar to SARS-cov and if it is just in one patient is probably just residual viral RNA from some other coronavirus.
If it's a new virus (IF) it will take time to figure out what it is. It took several weeks to figure out that a new coronavirus was the cause of what we know as the SARS outbreak. I'd imagine it would be faster now than in 2003, but it can take time to find/identify pathogens.
In one way or another I think that must be true. I guess the labs are doing metagenomic sequencing and a fragment of some coronavirus came up (which means little). ’SARS’ may be being used in some reports as synonymous with (any) coronavirus.
The latest pneumonia outbreak in #Wuhan might be caused by a new type of coronavirus which can be transferred from animal to human and is not exactly the same as SARS. #HKGov will announce strengthened prevention measure later today. Source: Apple  …
Perhaps a dumb question, but even if it's not SARS-CoV, is it a coronavirus? (Is that known?)
We'll see what variant of coronavirus we're dealing with soon, I hope. I can't believe the sequence still isn't out. Surely there's been a gain of function or important mutation, or it is indeed plain SARS and they don't want to freak out Chinese people. My bet's on the latter.
Good Job @realDonaldTrump
That, and it depends on how efficiently and how far this spreads. Given how fast coronavirus mutates and  we could be dealing with a virus that is very different from SARS. SARS apparently had an R0 of 2-4, which is very high.
This app!
Came for the #coronavirus, stayed for the #morbilli #picorna #astrovirus and #rotavirus ! Discovery and Prevalence of Divergent RNA Viruses in European Field Voles and Rabbits 
Let's keep our fingers crossed and hope that the recent outbreak is not related to SARS! Genomic characterisation of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus of Amoy Gardens outbreak in Hong Kong. - PubMed - NCBI 
tl;dr: SARS is a virus that can cause atypical pneumonia. But atypical pneumonia isn't all caused by SARS-coronavirus. #HongKong
Anyone know if there is a specific word for SARS vs Coronavirus that google translate has issues with? Wondering if there are non-Chinese speaking translation issues we are being skewed by.
#influenza (seasonal, avian)  respiratory viruses ruled out? Upper/lower respiratory samples tested? Also by broadly reactive #coronavirus assays? Link to fishmarket - other meat (mammals, birds) sold there? Can’t wait to learn more #emergingviruses  …
Yet a TV program reveals that 7 of the 27 cases are serious and that tests point to the coronavirus which is the hallmark of the SARS virus. 
No creas todo lo que leas en Twitter.
Epidemiological study of Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus infection in dromedary camels in Saudi Arabia, April-May 2015 
Only 2 years of governence wait for 3 years more up will be in top 10
You are bloody traitor..  
The news was  …
I think this award goes to  …
Exacto.
Thats why we called salman fans Unpadh gawar
Its an  in which 50% words are english or biologically used autowale fanbase will never understand this logic film only an educated and high profile person can understand and u know very well india litracy percentage
¡Ah! no.
My week on Twitter : 321 Mentions, 1.18K Likes, 202 Retweets, 206K Retweet Reach, 81 New Followers. See yours with  
