the coronavirus waiting on the doorhandle of the door to another door Caroline polachek opened 
That’s what his ass get for playing with the coronavirus 
It’s okay to be confused, uncertain, anxious or fear. Your feelings are valid. Here are things that aren’t cancelled during #coronavirus • Nature walk • Laughter • Music • Singing • Reading • Hope #StayHome #SocialDistancing #CoronaVirusUpdate #phdchat #phdlife #femtech
Letter from doc says “I received” results, which means he didn’t conduct test, which means, and let me choose my words carefully, IT’S A LIE. #coronavirus
Follow this thread for local and global updates on the novel coronavirus, officially named as COVID-19  
President @realDonaldTrump has declared tomorrrow a National Day of Prayer. Let’s pray for our president, health care providers and all those impacted by the #coronavirus. This is a time for all of us  together.
Chinese Tycoon Who Criticized Xi Response to Coronavirus Has Vanished...  …
With many deprived of the Eucharist due to coronavirus covid-19, I'm reminded of the ancient Rite of Good Friday, where only the celebrant receives Communion, at which point the liturgy abruptly ends, leaving all with a profound sense of loss for Our Saviour who died for our sins 
Some very good, helpful #coronavirus #COVIDー19 info to know & 
This taxpayer thanks @realDonaldTrump and his administration for rejecting proposals to the coronavirus supplemental bill that would force American taxpayers to fund abortion.  …
Donald Trump now claims he tested negative for coronavirus. Here's the evidence trail that says he's probably lying.  …
CORONAVIRUS UPDATE — Kenya government suspends all public gatherings 
Kerala: Cochin Surgicals, a surgical shop in Kochi sold around 5000 masks at Rs 2 each in two days. Nadheem, co-owner says,"We decided to sell masks at reasonable price especially to  people like hospital staff & students ." (14.03) #Coronavirus 
Since the coronavirus test involves literally sticking a swab up someone’s nose, I will strongly doubt Trump took it, unless there are photos of that swab going right up the schnoz. He lies about everything. Everything.
President Trump tested negative for the coronavirus. Now all the 'journalists' demanding that he be tested without showing symptoms can start bitching that he took the test from someone who needed it.
Senegal orders all schools closed in response to coronavirus  
Wow. Just wow. “At 10 pm massive applause was heard tonight in many Spanish cities in gratitude to health personnel and other professionals fighting the coronavirus” VIDEO  …
Hello humans, I am the Coronavirus: I am going to explain to you why I have been doing such a great job in conquering the world. Open thread. (Based on scientific research & @QHaRi’s thread. Updated, translated & tweaked by @lalytatweets ) #CoronavirusPandemic 
STAGE 4 (cont'd): A friend's relative died yesterday of corona because they couldn't treat him. It's chaos, the system is collapsing. Coronavirus and the crisis it's provoking is all you hear about everywhere.
STAGE 4: The number of cases is heavily increasing. Schools and universities are closed everywhere for at least a month. It's a national health emergency. Hospitals are at capacity, entire units are cleared to make space for coronavirus patients.
Time to bring the story back about Hunter Biden & Ukraine! With all this hysteria about the coronavirus the MSM had pushed it under the rug. We will not let the dems get away with criminal activity.
The U.S. Capitol and House and Senate office buildings have closed their doors to the public until April as the federal  the spread of coronavirus  
Mark Cuban to reimburse employees who shop locally amid coronavirus outbreak  
"Carolyn Bourdeaux, a  for a suburban U.S. House seat, called on state officials to administer the May 19 election by mail if the coronavirus outbreak grows worse.“It’s pretty simple,” she said. “Voting shouldn’t put your health at risk.”  …
Trump just said YESTERDAY he would be open to taking the coronavirus test and he got his results back TODAY after they said it takes DAYS for the results  back??!!! HOW SWAY?!! 
Giovanni Pozzi references this article and chart in his interview with @RaoulGMI . It is a must read piece - Coronavirus: Why You Must Act Now  … updated today and translated into 26 languages
Carolina Hurricanes' broadcaster John Forslund is self-quarantining after possible coronavirus exposure thanks to staying in a hotel room Rudy Gobert stayed in the night before. "Every time I sneeze or I cough, you wonder, 'Where’s this going?'" 
A second New Yorker has died from the coronavirus. The second COVID-19 victim was a 64-year-old man who had “other significant health problems which were likely contributory” to his death. 
Have we reached the point yet where global panic is worse than the disease itself? I fear this more than the disease. #coronapocalypse #ShopperChaos #CommonSense #Reality #BeReal #coronavirus 
Simple questions for simple @simoncoveney & @LeoVaradkar: Have you been tested for #coronavirus since your return from the #WhiteHouse? Should either of you be in isolation? #LockdownIreland #CloseThePubs #Covid_19ireland 
Suspend rent and mortgage payments to support coronavirus affected, Jeremy Corbyn tells Boris Johnson  …
#DoseOfDrDrew Take 2: Coronavirus Questions Answered 3/14/20  …
White House says President Donald Trump took a coronavirus/COVID-19 test and it came back negative. Lots of questions, like— exactly which test? See memo below.  
Bernie Sanders says President Trump “will have to bear responsibility for trying to diminish and minimize the impact of this [coronavirus] crisis.”
that was quick. The market will crash on Monday again. LOL Doctor says Trump tests negative for coronavirus  …
Coronavirus: Northern Ireland schools 'will close for at least 16 weeks'  …
Newt Gingrich: I am in Italy amid the coronavirus crisis. America must act now—and act big  …
Building my #Covid19playlist: - Don’t Stand So Close To Me - It’s the End of the World - Can’t Touch This #covid19 #covid19alberta #coronavirus
Two things can be true at once: the coronavirus is no joke, and the left is using it as a political weapon. And knowing they’re using it to bash Trump doesn’t negate the seriousness or the fact that we should all be taking strong precautions to protect the sick and elderly.
Watching the Chief Medical Officer try and explain the coronavirus action plan was like watching John Hewson trying to explain the GST! #insiders #coronaviruspandemic
Singing makes more sense than stockpiling toilet paper... #coronavirus  …
Nice to hear your expertise on solving the Coronavirus shutdown. No substance and more spending , typical Liberal. The only solution is to promise more free shit to non free shit taxpayers.  …
#Enemy of the People–Rude #Reporters Lash Out @#Trump Over #Coronavirus – #Media #Hysteria Causes Panic Buying,Americans Fight Over Toilet Paper VIDEOS Brawls broke out @#Costco #SamsClub&grocery stores..  … #QAnon #QAnon2018 #QAnon2020 
Sorry democrats i know many of you are upset by this. Democrats hate America! Stay well ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ please take care of yourself! America needs you! President Donald Trump Tests Negative for Coronavirus #TrumpIsWell  …
BREAKING: President Trump Tests Negative For Coronavirus #MakeAmericaWellAgain  
Officers seized counterfeit coronavirus test kits at LAX today, according to U.S. Customs and Border Protection. A package arrived at LAX from the United Kingdom and was labeled “Purified Water Vials,” according to a CBP news release.  …
Iran coronavirus news: Khamenei tries to cover-up botched efforts to curb COVID-19 epidemic #Iran  …
Thank you, God. Thank you, God. Thank you, God. In Jesus name, Amen. #TrumpTest #TrumpTestNegative #Coronavirus #COVIDー19 #WuhanMediaVirus #ChinaWuhanVirus  …
What did I tell you... He’s on a mission from God. BREAKING: President Trump Tests Negative For Coronavirus  … via @gatewaypundit
Update from the same medical team that diagnosed a very stable genius. Live Coronavirus Updates and Coverage - The New York Times  …
My upstairs neighbor & friend that my family has been in contact with, was just diagnosed with #coronavirus. So, I'm going on self quarantine today, but we're going to keep fighting for what #WeOweUS from afar. Help us push forward   – at 145th Street / Lenox Avenue (Malcolm X Blvd - 6th Ave) - Manhattan, NY
Prediction: You'll find out several CEOs hid their positive #coronavirus tests
My uber driver: coronavirus may be a conspiracy Me: why? Him: other viruses were worse. Makes you think. Me: makes you think what? Him: That it's a conspiracy Me: To do what? Him: Think about it
CORONAVIRUS Employees of a  in Paraguay's capital, Asuncion, fumigate a bus, and health workers check temperatures of those visiting the Justice Palace, as part of the government’s preventive measures to mitigate the spread of COVID-19.  
To #FlattenTheCurve during #coronavirus, no playdates (try family soccer), no getting together with friends (try Facetime), no trips to the coffeeshop (buy a gift card for a future date). @Asaf_Bitton says  being   …
Serious/important #COVIDー19 thread I realize this is sensitive because there's so much non-sense/misinformation around this isn't a cure/won't prevent coronavirus/replacement for western medicine but there's a lot of interesting info around monolaurin. 
1/ If WH physician Sean Conley, DO signed off on both the March 13 letter stating coronavirus testing isn't indicated AND the March 14 letter stating Trump tested negative, why are the signatures PRECISELY THE SAME? (Digital signatures  but this looks handwritten) 
Cristiano Ronaldo will transform his chain of hotels in Portugal into free hospitals that will be used to  coronavirus. Ronaldo, who is currently in self-isolation in Madeira, will pay the wages of the workers & doctors.
Trump’s doctor- Trump doesn’t need to be tested. Trump- I was tested and we will have results in 24 hours. Trump’s doctor a few hours later- Trump has tested negative for #coronavirus. America- This  bullshit.
JUST IN: An airline agent at San Francisco Intl Airport tests positive for coronavirus.
Mismanagement, missed opportunities: How the White House bungled the coronavirus response. Trump’s own advisers acknowledged to NBC News that the failure to focus on widespread testing was a major misstep.  
WH said Trump tested negative for #Coronavirus We will never be sure about this because the WH has lied every single day of this administration It’s sad we can’t trust the leader of our country. He has manipulated us for far too long! We need a leader!  …
Why outbreaks like coronavirus spread exponentially, and how to “flatten the curve” - fascinating visualization/simulation using bouncing balls, with a chilling kicker  
Donald Trump now claims he tested negative for coronavirus. Here’s the evidence trail that says he’s probably lying.  …
Trump Tests Negative for Coronavirus, According to His Doctor: He Remains 'Symptom-Free' 
Look, I think the WH statement that Trump tested negative for coronavirus is probably true. But getting people to believe these statements when they’re important is a reason they shouldn’t have lied about his weight.
. @fstockman reports on the coronavirus testing problems: "You have to be very sick to get a test in most places. "There's a lot of people walking around out there who have it and don't know." 
CNN’s Jim Acosta Calls Trump Racist For Pointing Out Origin of Coronavirus – Just Weeks After He Did the Same Thing The Wuhan Coronavirus  from China, just ask Acosta he tweeted it ( SEE BELOW) ! So it must be true! You guess it – racist!  
Not only do I not believe Trump tested negative, I don’t believe this lying sack of crap was tested at all: Donald Trump tests negative for coronavirus - CNNPolitics #POSPOTUS #TrumpIsTheWORSTPresidentEVER #TrumpPlague  …
The sick joke of Donald Trump's presidency isn't funny any more #coronavirus #DonaldTrump #DonTheCon  …
The wife of Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez has tested positive for the new coronavirus, according to Spain's government. 
CCSD Coronavirus Response Update - March 14, 2020. Visit  for updated 
BREAKING Newt Gingrich: I Am in Italy Amid the Coronavirus Crisis. America Must Act Now—And Act Big Is it still a “Democratic hoax?” #TrumpPlague #StayHome
We need to #StopTheSpread now! Get away from the pubs, clubs, public spaces and crowds, and go home. Take this image and post it - tag 10 people to do the same. Stay safe - stay spaced! #coronavirus 
This coronavirus chart shows Canada is NOT 'flattening the curve'—at least not yet -   …
JUST IN: Trump tests negative for coronavirus  
Infectious disease specialists explain what’s known (and what isn’t) so far about the new coronavirus disease, COVID-19. 
President Trumps Coronavirus  out negative and the liberal conspiracy theorist  out in full force. They have lost their minds.
Defining  “The Trump administration’s zigzagging, defensive, inconsistent messages about the novel coronavirus continued Friday, breaking almost every rule in the book and eroding the most powerful weapon officials possess: Public trust.”  …
Iran's coronavirus 'diagnosis' app looks more like a surveillance tool  
Only in Omaha. I was listening to the Douglas Co. Health Dept. discuss its first case of  spread while walking the dog. The doomsday plane then flew overhead. It made me laugh to be honest.
The Coronavirus must’ve got my teacher mid-email 
Please email mayor @ericgarcetti and ask him to put a freeze on evictions until the coronavirus is stabalized. Most of us worked in the service industry at some point in time. Those people won't be able to pay bills this month. Email him at mayor.helpdesk@lacity.org
The Lord is Protecting Him! @realDonaldTrump tests negative for coronavirus! @CNN @CNBC can’t hide their disappointment... #coronapocalypse #DemocratsPanic  …
A thread of articles I found informative about coronavirus and why.
Looking to trade for Dodge Hellcat, no low ballers DM ME ASAP NO ROCKY #COVIDー19 #Coronavirus 
After @TomHanks & @RitaWilson test positive for #COVID_19, Wilson makes a #Quarantunes music playlist on @Spotify. Her delightful #coronavirus quarantine playlist aptly includes @BillyIdol's hit "Dancing With Myself." Read more in my @CNET article here:  
If Gilbert Burns can escape Demian Maia’s back take and knock him out all in the same 30 seconds. You can survive this Coronavirus pandemic. #UFCBrasilia
I’m relieved to hear Trump doesn’t have coronavirus. He needs to be healthy enough to stand trial next year.
This letter from our main supermarket chains is appealing for customers to be responsible when shopping. Let's all be considerate and aim for no more #emptyshelves #COVIDー19 #coronavirus 
President Trump's Coronavirus test came back negative! That being said, if you've used this outbreak as an opportunity to bash the President please stay away from me. I prefer not to associate myself with TRASH. This is a Team Trump zone only!
France closes 'non-essential' public spaces due to coronavirus  …
BREAKING: Trump tests negative for the coronavirus, his doctor says  …
President Trump test negative to Coronavirus. God has his arms around this man. 
Dear Mr. Kotter, Juan has tested negative for coronavirus. Sincerely, Epstein's Mother  …
Are you relieved the President tested negative for the coronavirus?
We must pursue every step necessary to develop a vaccine & a cure for #COVID19. My RESULTs for Coronavirus Patients Act would allow @US_FDA 30 days to approve pharmaceutical/medical devices approved in another major developed country to help increase access to #coronavirus cures.
the nyt push notification that trump tested negative for coronavirus hit harder than the night of the election
U.S. cities are temporarily banning evictions as coronavirus outbreak worsens  …
Hey everyone. To support businesses taking the difficult but right decision to close I've started a list. Can you spread the word, and if there are any errors/additions needed, just let me know? Thank you. #CloseThePubs #Covid19 #CoronaVirus  …
Here’s how #coronavirus will change America 1) Small towns will  cool again. Big city folk move back to their parents or home town. 2) Family dinners and the art of conversation  back due to forced quarantines. 3) Checkers, Chess Ping Pong  cool again
$1 MILLION That's how much you’ve helped us raise on @Facebook in 24 hours for the #COVID19Fund. Every bit counts to help  the #COVID19 pandemic. But we can’t stop now, more is needed to take on the #coronavirus. Join the fight & donate:  
Wow, what a difference a #coronavirus week makes! While I still #RefuseToFear, I was WRONG! I totally underestimated & under appreciated the need for & power of #SocialDistancing to #FlattenTheCurve. I look forward to when meetings resume but until then #WashYourHands & be  …
BOOM! Trump Was Right! The Fake News Media & Congressional Dems have been demoralizing President Trump for weeks bc he wasn't tested *Trump tests negative for coronavirus, White House physician says* I'm thrilled he PROVED them Wrong! Agree  …
At this point, if you cough near people, you’re more likely to die from being stoned to death than the coronavirus.
I’m a bit under the weather ( no I don’t have Coronavirus) so I am going to wait until tomorrow to choose the winner Stiil time to enter - be sure to RT and tag under the ORIGINAL post for your entry to count  …
CNN: The Spanish government announced on Saturday that the wife of Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez tested positive for the novel coronavirus, according to a government statement.
Downing Street should be running daily press conferences for as long as the Coronavirus crisis is here. Instead the government’s  plan seems to be writing or briefing puff pieces in favourable outlets. Not acceptable in a national emergency.
A man has died during a flight from Dubai to Boston and will be tested for coronavirus "in an abundance of caution," according to state police. He had been sick with gastrointestinal problems for several days and had no underlying health issues. 
“Gov. Gavin Newsom has given school districts some reassurance they have been waiting for: They will be paid for days they shut down to prevent further spread of the coronavirus.”  …
Was there ever any doubt? #SaturdayThoughts #CoronaVirus #Trump2020  …
Newt Gingrich: "I am in Italy amid the coronavirus crisis. America must act now—and act big." cc:  …
why is URBAN OUTFITTERS responding better to coronavirus than the ACTUAL GOVERNMENT 
i hope this coronavirus thing in TT doesn't get any *igg*r
President Trump test negative for Coronavirus. Even Coronavirus knows better than to fuck with KING KONG!!!
We need coronavirus hospitals all over the country being prepped in the least dismal possible emergency facilities, right now. If your city doesn’t have one or many in the works, ask, where should I go while I’m sick?
Gov. Cuomo says there are now 613 coronavirus cases in New York state. There are 269 in New York City, 178 in Westchester County and 3 in Erie County - the first in that county.
Clinical microbiologists at @HopkinsMedicine have developed an in-house coronavirus screening test that may soon allow the health system to test as many as 1,000 people per day.  …
The coronavirus outbreak is turning one luxury treat — lobsters — into a more affordable meal. U.S. prices plummeted after top buyer China halted shipments 
Coronavirus: An important message for British tourists to Peru 
Chen Qiushi is probably held under 'Residential Surveillance'. No written notice. No phone call. Chen Qiushi has been out of contact for 37 days after covering coronavirus in Wuhan. Please save him!!! @realDonaldTrump @Mike_Pence @SecPompeo @marcorubio #FindQiushi  …
Trump tests negative for coronavirus, White House physician says as @CNN says they're going to fact check the results? No @CNN you should be so busy fact checking your own fake news, that you wouldn't have time to be up somebody else's  …
Trump tests negative for coronavirus, White House physician says  … ⁦ @cnnbrk⁩ ⁦ @MSNBC⁩ ⁦ @NBCNews⁩ @CBS ⁦⁦ @abcnews⁩ ⁦⁦ @FoxNews⁩ ⁦ @nytimes⁩ ⁦ @washingtonpost⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦ @SenateDems⁩ ⁦ @HouseDemocrats⁩
If history is any guide, this is a prelude to an announcement that Trump tested positive for the coronavirus  …
If the baby-handed bronzer king really wanted to destroy the coronavirus, he could just buy it & put his stupid fucking name on it.
Those of us w/ #chronicillness our lives have just gotten  in the #COVIDー19 crisis. We may worry about supply chain with our medications. Please remember us. I'm waiting on a test, not for #coronavirus, but for my biopsy to see if I have recurrence of melanoma.
Begoña Gómez, wife of Spanish PM Pedro Sanchez, tests positive for Coronavirus, just a few hours after PM Sanchez declared a State of Emergency to curb spread of the virus. 
Cardi B have you seen this #coronavirus theme song made from your video! @iamcardib 
The only way I would believe that Trump tested negative for Coronavirus would be if he said that he tested positive. #CoronaVirusUpdates #COVIDー19
What is social distancing and should everyone practice it? What masks are necessary and when? We adapted @T_Inglesby and @DrJoshS’s @PublicHealthPod conversation into an easy-to-read Q&A. Please share!  … #COVID19 #coronavirus
Spanish Prime Minister Sanchez confirms Spain to be put on lockdown over coronavirus  
'Moved quickly': Andrew Cuomo praises President Trump's coronavirus response  …
President Trump tests negative for coronavirus, White House says.  
Chinese Tycoon Ren Zhiqiang Who Criticized Xi’s Response to Coronavirus Has Vanished 
so I found this.. #goosegame #coronavirus 
Should you work out during a coronavirus pandemic? 
. @realDonaldTrump does NOT have coronavirus ...see below  …
Coronavirus watching all of humanity shut down 
So the people we’re attacking over Coronavirus are: 1) The  2) Jeremy Corbyn 3) The ‘left’ Ok cool got it.
The White House physician just confirmed tRump's #coronavirus test came back negative. Do we even believe this?  in contact with multiple people who tested positive, #TyphoidTrump is living proof that the virus can only be transmitted from human to  …
i’m gonna bite the bullet and watch matpat’s coronavirus video cause tbh i have a feeling it may be taken down soon lol i’ll reply to this tweet with updates wish me fucking luck this is so y’all don’t have to give it any views i’ll try to summarize it and stuff ye
I just tested negative for Coronavirus, media outraged. You are  
Breaking News Trump tests negative for coronavirus says White House #COVID19
BREAKING: Three Erie County residents test positive for coronavirus, according to Gov. Andrew Cuomo.  …
⁦ @POTUS ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ tests negative for coronavirus, ⁦ @WhiteHouse⁩ physician says PLEASE PRAY FOR OUR PRESIDENT GOD BLESS YOU MR. PRESIDENT  …
Doctor says Trump tests negative for coronavirus  
Trump tests negative for coronavirus, White House physician says Thank God !!  …
BREAKING- Three coronavirus cases in Erie County confirmed.  …
Policy changes in reaction to the coronavirus reveal how absurd our rules are to begin with.  …
After watching trump fumble around with lies and misinformation on the coronavirus threat, it is more clear than ever before that we need the calming presence of an actual adult to speak to the nation. I'm looking forward to seeing a President Biden in the Oval Office. 
President Trump's coronavirus test is negative.
Am just copying this beautiful message! #If the coronavirus has taught us anything it is lengths ppl will go to when desperate. Next time you want to judge boat people, refugees, migrants fleeing war torn lands remember we fought over toilet paper. 
BREAKING: President Trump tested negative for the coronavirus, White House physician Sean Conley said in a statement  …
A federal judge cited the #coronavirus pandemic in blocking Trump's first food benefit cut. The judge said now was not the time to start throwing people off of their food benefits. Amen.  …
The White House says President Trump tested negative for Coronavirus after having contact with people who have tested positive. 
BREAKING: Trump’s coronavirus test came back negative, but 100% positive that he’s a self-serving racist shithead. So, mixed results.
Trump tests negative for coronavirus, according to letter from his doctor  …
NEGATIVE: Trump confirmed not to have coronavirus despite recent contacts with infected Brazilian officials  
BREAKING NEWS Although President Trump came in contact with several people who later tested positive, President Trump has tested Negative for CoronaVirus! TRUMP2020  …
Can’t wait for the Odyssey article titled: Coronavirus Made Me Miss My Last Semester But It Made Me Value My Sorority Sisters More. Here’s Why:
Every one else is posting about the Coronavirus so I guess we should too...but we are going to do it Newhouse style... 
Bernie Sanders is warning the  that they should not profit off of the Coronavirus crisis. The health and needs of people must be our priority. We must guarantee health care to all people. It is the human thing to do. 
Viruses do not recognize borders. Nor should medical help. I have enrolled to make automatic monthly donations to help Doctors Without Borders, USA @MSF_USA save lives of people caught in crisis worldwide. Join me:  #coronavirus #COVID19 #pandemic
Trump World Descended On Mar-a-Lago as It Became a Coronavirus Petri Dish  …
#BREAKING: An Alaska Airlines agent at the #SanFrancisco International Airport has tested positive for the novel #coronavirus.  …
Cuomo says the federal coronavirus package gives New York the lowest rate of funding of any state in the country. "We're actually tied for last with the rate of reimbursement," he says, notes NY has one of the highest positive cases in the country.
Health minister ridiculed for tweeting new coronavirus advice - which people must pay to read  …
NEW: Pres. Trump tested negative for coronavirus, according to a memorandum from his physician. 
Cristiano Ronaldo will transform his hotels in Portugal into hospitals to help in the fight against Coronavirus - He  that he'll pay the workers & doctors free. Class @Cristiano 
Wife of Spanish PM positive for coronavirus. Here she is in the march that shall live in infamy 
Federal judge cites coronavirus in decision blocking Trump admin cut to food stamps  
Donald Trump now claims he's tested negative for coronavirus. Bull fucking shit. We're supposed to believe anything  liar says?
Trump tests negative for coronavirus — DEMOCRATS AND FAKE NEWS ARE CRYING  …
UPDATE: President Trump tests negative for coronavirus, White House says.  
BREAKING NEWS: President Donald Trump has tested negative for the new coronavirus, according to the president’s personal physician. 
BREAKING: There are now 613 confirmed positive coronavirus patients in New York State and 269 in New York City, according to @NYGovCuomo. Two patients have died.
Due to the Coronavirus we have made the decision to close our doors for an initial two week period. We will keep reviewing and keep you updated. Below is the email we sent to all 16599 members. We are working on how to bring The Cube to you at home... watch this space! 
The #TrumpPlague is real! #StayHome #COVIDー19 #coronavirus #panicshopping #SundayThoughts #SundayMorning 
Jersey City store hit with $90K in fines for price gouging amid coronavirus outbreak: city officials  …
Reminder: This was the same WH doctor who last night said President Trump didn’t need a test for the coronavirus. Now, a day later, the doctor says he tested Trump for the virus and he’s negative.
"Stop listening to journalists. They don't know what they're talking about." @DrDrew went on with @LarryOConnor slamming the media for drumming up panic surrounding the coronavirus, urging Americans to listen to Dr. Fauci and the 
An Italian journalist shows the human cost of #coronavirus. We see the faces of those who’ve died from it. Dozens of them, over a dozen pages of obituaries. From the beautiful Italian city of #Bergamo.  a normal day’s paper, then a recent  …
President Trumps tests *Negative* for the coronavirus. Hallelujah!! 
Coronavirus: Donald Trump tests negative for COVID-19 after meeting with infected Brazilian official  …
y’all noticed since netflix got rid of friends this really hasn’t been our day, week, month, or even our year? #reboot2020 #coronavirus
Can’t wait to tell my kids how I walked 50km each way to school with coronavirus killing people left and right when I was their age
Donald Trump has tested negative for Coronavirus according to the same authorities who told us that he is 6' 3" and weighs 239 lbs.
Trump has tested negative for the Coronavirus, the White House says. We all know this means he either actually tested positive or wasn’t tested at all.
People should really focus on the bigger picture rather than bitching her for this tweet. Not a big deal, it really isn’t. At the end of the day, she’s telling everyone to stay safe & she’s used her pics. SO F*KN WHAT?? You’ve probably laughed at Coronavirus memes anyway.  …
me: i want a dinosaur CDC: impossible - they are extinct me: fine then let me get tested for coronavirus CDC: me: CDC: me: CDC: 
Spain quarantines 46m people to contain coronavirus surge 
Trump tests negative for coronavirus  …
Coronavirus outbreak, Cristiano Ronaldo transforms his Portuguese hotel network into temporary hospitals. Ronaldo will pay the salaries of all doctors and other employees in these facilities, and the treatment will be free Ronaldo #CristianoRonaldo 
'Remove #Trump For #Coronavirus Response,' Says #DeepState + #TedNugent Live This must-see Emergency Saturday Special Report breaks down the #globalist attempt to #sabotage the economy and kill #recovery  … #QAnon #QAnon2018 #QAnon2020 
White House: Donald Trump Tests Negative for Coronavirus 
Found out tonight my 11 year old has been secretly recording some of my wife's and mine coronavirus conversations for what she says is going to be a big covid-19 documentary project. I am annoyed and filled with deep admiration.
Ok libturds....Trump tested negative for the CoronaVirus You can all calm down now.....He’s safe Have we tested Ginsburg yet.?? #COVIDー19 #coronavirus #TrumpVirusCoverup #TrumpTestedNegative
Confirmed negative. @realDonaldTrump tested for Coronavirus. 
Disneyland is extending annual pass expiration dates after it shut its doors Saturday due to coronavirus concerns  …
Breaking Spain’s Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez announced the country will be put on lockdown due to #coronavirus. Additionally, the PM’s wife Begoña Gómez has tested positive for #COVID19. has 4,231 cases & 120 deaths so  …
#BREAKING President Trump's doctor says he has tested negative for novel coronavirus 
Trump’s doctor (at Trump’s direction) says Trump tested negative for Coronavirus. I’m not sure I believe Trump was even tested. I’m not sure I believe the Trump admin would tell the truth if Trump tested positive. That’s what happens when you’re a lying fucking liar.
I have been advised by @ECDOH that of today's tests, 3 samples from @ErieCountyNY residents tested positive for the #Coronavirus/ #COVIDー19. @ECDOH is currently contacting close contacts of the persons. I will hold a press conference at 11 am tomorrow morning with more 
Just announced that Trumpbhas tested negative for Coronavirus. Does anyone believe that he really took the test? Or. That he’s actually tested negative?
Breaking News: President Trump tested NEGATIVE for the Coronavirus (Wuhan Virus). Leftist everywhere are disappointed. They know I’m right.
You have to treat epidemics and pandemics on a year-round preventative basis, not just try to respond once terrible situations like coronavirus have already happened. You can't cut funding and resources like we have seen in recent years. It's insane.
JUST IN: President Trump has tested negative for the coronavirus, the White House says  
Use your phone to call somebody, not just to read coronavirus news  
Trump physician says that the President has tested negative for coronavirus
Trump tests negative for #coronavirus — White House press corps hardest hit.
BREAKING NEWS There are now THREE positive coronavirus cases in ERIE COUNTY, according to @NYGovCuomo, who is briefing reporters right now. The statewide total has surpassed 600. @WGRZ
Nancy Pelosi? Yeah she gave Trump billions to lock kids up in cages. Nancy Pelosi? Yeah she approved Trump’s $700 or so billion military budget. Nancy Pelosi? Yeah she caved to Trump and passed a coronavirus bill that doesn’t give 80% of workers paid sick leave. 
Since my Harvard lab closed yesterday, I've been reading and interpreting this week's published papers on #COVID19. What follows is a thread of information, my interpretation, links to sources & predictions. Let's start with what you need to know... #coronavirus #COVIDー19
Bernie Sanders Can Lead the Fight Against Coronavirus. Joe Biden Can’t.  …
READ THE BILL I DO NOT trust the Democrats! PLEASE make sure you don’t allow permanent changes which should only be temporary. McConnell: Senate eager to help on coronavirus, but Pelosi's bill is a 'rough draft' that falls far short —Just The News  …
If there is one thing that each, and everyone of us can do to get through this its SOCIAL DISTANCING Put a minimum of one, and ideally two, meters between you and everyone else If each, and everyone of us does this we can fight the #Coronavirus Please #mindthegap 
If any furry cons are impacted by coronavirus and need to reschedule/change dates for any reason please drop me a message on Twitter or via email. We'll offer free advertising to any con impacted by recent events.
Breaking: first cases of coronavirus in Erie County. 3 cases, per Cuomo.
KFC grease in your blood may increase your immunity to the Coronavirus.
The Government has said between 5,000 and 10,000 people currently have Coronavirus in the UK Using the lower figure, the death rate is currently 0.42% 99.58% is the current survival rate
US President Donald Trump tests negative for #coronavirus, reports AFP news agency quoting White House physician. (File pic) 
President @realDonaldTrump has tested NEGATIVE for the Wuhan Coronavirus!!! 
Coronavirus didn't stop this man from kissing boots to apologize for being white.  …
A local grocery store’s bakery got creative for obvious reasons #Coronavirus 
Imagine if the lying mainstream media were as diligent in promoting America as they were the Coronavirus.
Enrolling the seniors 600 miles away in home grocery delivery. ... No doubt worthy of a day's investment, but: "what's gmail? is that how I text you?" "there's a place to write something? (search bar)" "you click the thing you want?" #coronavirus
It should have begun days ago. The government have been bombarding us with Brexit adverts on YouTube for months, but not a single one so far on coronavirus. Good if he's on the telly tomorrow - but dreadful to put this behind a paywall.
People must have some nasty teeth, they haven’t even touched the toothpaste aisle.. #panicshopping #coronavirus 
Coronavirus Swamps Local Health Departments, Already Crippled by Cuts  …
President @realDonaldTrump has tested negative for Coronavirus.
Trump tested negative for the #coronavirus. Sorry liberals. Now go find something else  about.
Even as a hypochondriac I am not at all worried about coronavirus for me. The stats don't seem too iffy for a 44 year old with no real health problems except anxiety. But every night I lie awake fretting about elderly relatives. The uncertainty is immense isn't it?
There are 300 people with coronavirus in intensive care in France, and more than half of them are younger than 60  …
JUST IN: President Trump's test for the coronavirus came back negative, his physician has confirmed  …
BREAKING: Trump Tests NEGATIVE for #Coronavirus  …
«That is math, not prophecy. The spread can be slowed, public health professionals say, if people practice “social distancing” by avoiding public spaces and generally limiting their movement.» #Coronavirus  …
Chemotherapy and the coronavirus threat — my immunity levels mean you need to care about COVID-19 - ABC News  …
Tonight in Madrid the people are clapping from their balconies. They’re applauding and cheering the nurses, the doctors, all the healthcare workers fighting coronavirus. 
JUST IN: President @realDonaldTrump took a coronavirus test and it just came back NEGATIVE.  …
Trump has tested negative for coronavirus. We can’t have anything nice.
Since Trump has now taken the Coronavirus Test and the results were Negative, will the Press start asking questions about China trying to blame the Pandemic on the US Military? Of course not. They think even referring to it as “Chinese” or “Wuhan” Coronavirus is “offensive”.
Watching #Longmire on @Netflix. Great Cop Drama based in Wyoming. Jealous of those watching for the 1st time! #StayHome #coronavirus #COVIDー19 
Trump’s test is negative for coronavirus, per memo from White House physician, @jdawsey reports. While some of you may have mixed feelings about this, please consider the value of keeping Trump healthy so that he spends a great deal of time in prison.
Liquor, marijuana and guns are also popular among hoarders as fear grows over coronavirus  …
JUST IN: President Trump tests negative for coronavirus
New Poll shows that 64% of people do not trust Boris Johnson's handling of coronavirus  …
WH physician says Trump is negative for Coronavirus.
Breaking News: President Trump tested negative for the coronavirus, the White House physician said. He’d had contact with several people who later tested positive. 
I NEVER wished a VIRUS on President Barack Obama These NASTY scumbags that kill babies, boo God, defame our Troops and Veterans and burn the American flag wish Coronavirus on President Trump They TRULY are Domestic Enemies of the United States! FUCK LIBS AND DEMS!
Coronavirus update, Europe: - Norway: 112 new cases - Finland: 70 new cases - Portugal: 57 new cases - Czechia: 48 new cases - Slovenia: 40 new cases - Ireland: 39 new cases - Greece: 38 new cases - Poland: 35 new cases - Denmark: 23 new cases - Iceland: 22 new cases
*NHL suspends season due to coronavirus* Me: This will be a nice break from hockey *Day 3 without hockey* Me: What if Matt Frattin scored that breakaway in 2013... 
Breaking: The White House doctor says Trump has tested negative for #coronavirus -such a shame no one in the regime has any credibility because they are all next level ass-kissers.
BREAKING: The White House says Pres. Trump tests negative for coronavirus. 
BREAKING: President Trump’s Coronavirus test is Negative! Sorry Libs!
Hallelujah! President Trump’s coronavirus test  back negative! Praise God!
#BREAKING: President Trump has tested NEGATIVE for coronavirus 
Trump Stops Pelosi From Putting Abortion Funding in Anti-Coronavirus Bill, House to Pass Clean Measure  … Thank you, Mr President, for being a VOICE for the VOICELESS VTE RED to Save the Babies
President @realDonaldTrump test results came back negative for the #coronavirus!! 
The wife of Spain's prime minister Pedro Sanchez has coronavirus (The prime minister is the head of Spanish government)  …
WHITE HOUSE DOCTOR SAYS TRUMP'S CORONAVIRUS TEST RESULT WAS NEGATIVE -STATEMENT
#BREAKING Long Beach has announced its first case of novel coronavirus  spread, increasing the city's total number of cases to 5 
Big Daddy is Coronavirus Free! 
JUST IN: President Trump tests negative for coronavirus, according to the 
Greg Hunt says we shouldn’t listen to non medical people on the panel. Says Greg Hunt, a non medical person on the panel #Insiders #auspol #covid19 #coronavirus  …
1/2 In the last 24 hrs, 2 addtl passengers from the #GrandPrincess at #CFBTrenton #Ontario exhibited symptoms consistent w/ #COVID19. Lab tests have confirmed #coronavirus & the individuals are in isolation at the facility where appropriate infection control measures are in place
Gatherings of 250+ people are BANNED due to the coronavirus. Joe Biden rallies will not be effected. Carry on. #Bernie2020
Nicola Sturgeon's political point scoring on coronavirus is the last thing the country needs. It really is time this disgusting wretch of a woman was removed from office. She is a moron biting the UK hand that feeds her.  …
BREAKING President Trump has tested NEGATIVE for the Coronavirus.
JUST IN: Trump doctor says president has tested negative for novel coronavirus And liberals melt down in 3....2....1..... Now lets keep him away from everyone.!! @realDonaldTrump
Stephanie Grisham just announced trump has tested negative for Coronavirus. I can’t believe either one of them
Black life in the Coronavirus Age.  …
From the White House: Trump coronavirus test negative. 
Many states were adamant: parents are not able to provide adequate home schooling for their children. #Coronavirus hits...what happens? Nearly every K-12 school closes and asks parents to take over educating their own children. Should it  a trend? #WWG1WGA @WhiteHouse
30% jump in visits to ⁦ @UHN⁩ emergency rooms this week. Important message from doctors: stay away from the ER unless you are urgently sick. Also if you have reason to believe you have #covid19 go to a stand-alone testing centre. #coronavirus  …
BREAKING NEWS: @realDonaldTrump tests NEGATIVE for #coronavirus which is great news for normal Americans... ...And a tragedy for the abnormal American leftists on Twitter. #MAGA
During times of stress and crisis, it  for children to seek more attachment and be more demanding on parents. Discuss the new coronavirus with your children using honest and age-appropriate way.  #coronavirus 
MSNBC just said that the White House said Trump tested negative for the coronavirus. I don't believe he was even tested.
BREAKING: President Trump tests negative for Coronavirus following announcement earlier today that he had taken the test. 
When Trump turned to his son-in-law's brother's father-in-law's Facebook group to help with Coronavirus, a sane party would have done whatever necessary to force his resignation.
BREAKING: Trump doctor says president has tested negative for novel coronavirus. Follow AP coverage of the virus outbreak here: 
President Trumps Coronavirus test came back negative.
Pickford denies needing to self isolate from coronavirus after attending charity boxing event: "I had made  to them that I would attend the event and prior to going I spoke to the club doctor to ensure I was ok to attend." 
By mid week Trump will go from “Take the DNA test Pochahontas” to “Take the CoronaVirus Test Sleepy Joe!”
#BREAKING: WH physician reports @realDonaldTrump has tested NEGATIVE for #coronavirus
President Trump tests negative for Coronavirus!
Don’t let the coronavirus stop you from getting the morning after pill. Ask him for the money. Online doctor exists x
BREAKING: Trump's coronavirus test just came back negative.
Hey, the alarmists won the Coronavirus war. The economy is shut down. Congrats. Now we’re gunna look at the math. Either you’re right and at least 500K Americans die between now and the end of the year, which your experts told us is BEST CASE, even with Draconian measures, or...
Dear @joerogan, I’ve gotten 1000’s of messages asking I, a MIT PhD in Biological Eng., who actually studies the immune system at the molecular mechanistic level contact you to provide a balanced perspective on the #CoronaVirus. Feel free to contact me: 617-631- 6874. -Dr.SHIVA
BREAKING: President Trump has tested Negative for the CoronaVirus per White House Doctor.
Top official who claimed more than 100,000 coronavirus cases in Ohio now admits she was just 'guesstimating'! As of Saturday morning, there are more than 2,000 confirmed cases of coronavirus in the U.S. with more than 40 deaths.  …
“how are we going to tackle the coronavirus outbreak?” China: everyone is on lockdown Spain: we’re on lockdown too Usa: travel ban France: we’re closing everywhere that isn’t essential Italy: lockdown over here PH: No to lockdown, nasaan ang kalayaan? #MMLockdown Covid19
Trump tests negative for coronavirus, White House doctor says 
NEW: President Trump's test for coronavirus was negative, his physician says
Under the National Emergency Declaration, @FEMA is working with @HHS and state and local authorities to prepare for and respond to the coronavirus wherever needed. These professionals are tested and proven experts at managing emergency situations.
Trump tests negative for coronavirus, White House doctor says  …
Sylvester Stallone Still Filming in Atlanta Despite Coronavirus Outbreak 
*DONALD TRUMP TESTS NEGATIVE FOR CORONAVIRUS Live shot of Trump walking into the Oval Office 
Trump keeps testing far behind every other modern nation. No tests, no more confirmed cases. Trump thinks that's "winning". “We Are Way, Way Behind”: U.S. Lags on Coronavirus Testing & Medical Experts Warn “No One Is Immune”  … via @democracynow
Bernie Sanders is holding an online "fireside chat" tonight. The coronavirus is forcing campaigns to move online to protect the candidates and their supporters. Biden tried a Zoom call last night. There were a lot of technical hiccups. Catch up here:  …
President Trump tests negative for coronavirus per president’s physician. 
BREAKING: Coronavirus Update. Expanding across all continents and countries. The ongoing epicenter in Italy with 3,497 new cases, and a total of 21,157 cases, 1,441 deaths: 6.8%. Also (dead/(dead+recovered) = 42%. Iran 1,365 new cases, 12,729 total, 611 deaths. 
WASHINGTON (AP) — Trump doctor says president has tested negative for novel coronavirus.
MCO, the Orlando International Airport, had a TSA agent test positive for coronavirus. if you’ve been to Orlando in the past few weeks, you could have been in contact or unknowingly spread it, myself included. (Via  …
Trump after finding out he tested negative for coronavirus: 
Prayers for you sweet lady! Ivanka Trump works from home after contact with Australia official diagnosed with coronavirus  …
#Presidementia #TrumpNotFitForOffice #MalignantEnabling — Infighting, missteps and a son-in-law hungry for results: Inside the Trump administration’s troubled coronavirus response - The Washington Post  …
Talking about #coronavirus to my 9yr old who was worried. I said we will be fine even if we get sick. Our job is to stay healthy not for ourselves but so we don’t spread it around to people with health problems who could die. She said “So we’re bodyguards to keep people safe?”
Elderly could be quarantined for four months in 'wartime-style' mobilisation  coronavirus, writes Robert Peston  …
Someone pls explain herd immunity to twitter & why intentionally infecting yourself (or your kids) with coronavirus is a bad idea. Seeing a lot of tweets going around expressing the idea maybe it’s better not to close schools because then children “won’t get immunity.” Bad ideas
Trump’s test is negative for coronavirus, per memo from White House physician.
#Coronavirus test of @POTUS shows he is not infected, according to the @WhiteHouse.
Only in Germany: the Berlin force has to tell people to stop ringing the emergency number to report bars and pubs that are open in spite of coronavirus restrictions  …
ABSOLUTELY morally unethical that the wealthiest business-owners in the world are exempt from #coronavirus relief for their employees.  …
PER WH PHYSICIAN: President Trump has tested negative for the coronavirus.
If a rule is easy to suspend in reaction to the coronavirus, maybe we didn’t need it to begin with. 
The White House physician says after an “in-depth discussion” Trump took the coronavirus test and he’s negative. 
We’re aware of a number of false rumours about #Coronavirus in our area.Please be assured when information is confirmed & appropriate we will make any announcements. Please follow official sources for information rather than listening to hearsay. Thank you for your understanding.
Alright, everything’s gonna be okay now. #coronavirus 
“I want to thank the vice president — and especially the president — who facilitated this." @realdonaldtrump "moved quickly" to slow the coronavirus, said @GovCuomo, praising Trump's and @VP's response to the virus 
INBOX: ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩’s physician, White House medical unit head Dr. Sean Conley (who put out a false statement saying POTUS didn’t need to be tested for #coronavirus as of last night) has issued another statement claiming that the president has tested negative. 
White House says Trump’s coronavirus test came back negative 
Japan’s prime minister Shinzo Abe said preparations to host the Olympics in July are still on, despite rising global concern about the viability of the Games due to the #coronavirus outbreak  
Poor nations may see higher #coronavirus deaths, warns UN official 
“Jeremy Corbyn also called for improvements to sick pay, the suspension of requirements at jobcentres, and support for food banks distributing supplies”. #Coronavirus  …
This is an utter disgrace @MattHancock. You should be updating an increasingly anxious public through press conferences & emailing MPs. Instead u have chosen to publish your plan in a tory supporting broadsheet - with a paywall - read by 0.5% of public. Disgraceful. #coronavirus  …
. @vanOnselenP asks the panel: If we're heading towards 1.7 million getting [ #Coronavirus] in NSW, how is it okay that we keep shaking hands? “[The CMO] came in here and shook hands with both of you. He's the Chief Medical Officer, i'm blown away by that.” #Auspol 
In #Spain, it’s balcony Bingo time as country  second in Europe to impose lockdown. Video of neighbors enjoying game of Bingo as #coronavirus cases cross 6,000: 
Coronavirus update, Europe: - Italy: 3,497 new cases - Spain: 1,159 new cases - Germany: 910 new cases - France: 838 new cases - UK: 342 new cases - Switzerland: 234 new cases - Netherlands: 155 new cases - Austria: 151 new cases - Sweden: 147 new cases - Belgium: 130 new cases
i think we spend too much time talking about the coronavirus and not enough time talking about how everything in the dollar store isnt really a dollar anymore
Analysis: Older Americans are more worried about coronavirus — unless they’re Republican 
The Chinese army has been deployed to support citizens during the coronavirus crisis, delivering hundreds of tons of daily necessities. Meanwhile, the US military is bombing Iraq, as Americans empty out grocery stores in a panic and fiends hoard necessities and price gouge.  …
I will he removing all “bleghs” from our music indefinitely, in order to prevent the spread of Coronavirus.
Because everyone knows that Coronavirus caused student debt!
we were able to raise and distribute over $5200 in mutual aid for people whose lives/livelihoods have been impacted by the coronavirus on the video game streaming platform twitch today
When some guy’s throwing his dog in the river because it was exposed to the coronavirus and you still can’t remember not to touch your face. 
Unfortunately due to Coronavirus we’re heading home, the good news is we’ll be back in June to finish up what was going to be an incredible run. All merch will be up online for sale very soon and all purchases will be greatly appreciated in this unfortunate time. 
NEW: Georgia  the second state to postpone its presidential primary due to the coronavirus  
Is one of the symptoms of coronavirus “extreme horniness”? Cause I swear I wasn’t this horny before
Who knew all it took was a global pandemic to finally get to live the private jet life. Covid Airways = a 737 to yourself for 90 bucks (the only minor catch is that you may catch coronavirus but lets not read too far into the fine print) 
UC Irvine is canceling its traditional graduation this spring as a precaution against the novel coronavirus, the first University of California campus to cancel the iconic ceremony.  …
"The attitude toward the coronavirus outbreak in the United States and much of Europe has been bizarrely reactive, if not outright passive... It’s as if China’s experience hadn’t given Western countries a warning of the perils of inaction".  …
Why do they always need to mention the f'cking WAR !!!? "Elderly could be quarantined for four months in 'wartime-style' mobilisation  coronavirus, writes Robert Peston"  …
Coronavirus testing drive-thrus pop up across Metro Detroit, state  …
JUST IN: Spanish PM’s wife tests positive for the Kung Flu...after Madrid imposes national lockdown to tackle the disease coronavirus Spain #Coronavid19
The Republican Party has given cover to Trump's mishandling the #coronavirus response and are still not taking the situation seriously despite knowing the genocide they have abetted. Cornyn still thinks it's funny that citizens will die because of his actions.  …
The world might be in a dark place right now but we’re going to beat this  out the other end - kinder, stronger, with renewed priorities. #Coronavirus cloud might have a silver lining. Dream beautiful dreams until the darkness lifts & light returns to the world. Goodnight
Our @NOPDnews are onsite disbanding a large gathering. This is irresponsible, potentially endangering the  New Orleans just had our first fatality. Be a part of the solution to slow the spread of #COVID19 #coronavirus @NOLAready Info:  
#BREAKING: Orlando International Airport TSA worker tests positive for coronavirus, union officials say | Read:  
As of Monday, March 9, Spain had fewer than 1,000 cases of coronavirus. Today, five days later, Spain has over 6,000 cases, over 130 deaths, and has closed all schools, universities, restaurants, bars, hotels and other non-essential retail businesses. Iowa needs to act.  …
I know Coronavirus memes are a bit stale, but I wanted to make this. 
Fifteen Million Students Affected by School Closures Amid Coronavirus Fears 
These simulations show how to flatten the coronavirus growth curve  …
British Society for Immunology have written an open letter to the UK Government questioning their response to #coronavirus Please listen to the experts. Herd immunity has a good chance of not working. Do not take the gamble with that many lives.  …
Twitter's wiping out my Followers. Why? Because I'm calling the Coronavirus a hoax and backing it up with figures. In other words, I'm not letting myself be jerked around by Big Brother - so Big Brother's wiping out my Followers. Stuff it, Twitter!  …
No milk, no bleach: Americans awake to coronavirus panic buying  
They said humans can’t visit old vulnerable people, they didn’t say anything about cows though! #COVIDー19 #coronavirus 
I love how this makes it look like Taco Bell’s response to coronavirus is the tripelupa 
This is truly disastrous. Anyone who thinks Trump has grasped this or that anyone around  must read this now. Infighting, missteps and a son-in-law hungry for results: Inside the Trump administration’s troubled coronavirus response  …
Referencing the ongoing coronavirus pandemic as a "challenging period," Disney announced on Friday that "Frozen 2" will be made available on its streaming service three months ahead of schedule 
Fmr Coronavirus Patient: ‘The Hysteria Has Just Gotten Out of Control’ 
Remember to wash your hands and your paws! #WashYourHands #coronavirus #theoreocat @tiktok_us 
Sure, why not. Because nothing beats the boredom of quarantine like .... well, beating off I hope Italian women have a good sense of humor. Pornhub Offers Italians Free Premium Service During Coronavirus Quarantine  via @BreitbartNews
The #Coronavirus pandemic has been WEAPONISED by the left to CRASH THE US ECONOMY and win the election. “Hoping for recession...shouldn’t hate me for it...it would get rid of Trump...so it’s worth it. ~ Bill Maher They don’t care about the panic & carnage they are talking up! 
Caring for a person diagnosed with #COVID19? Our fact sheet outlines precautions for caregivers, including how to: Limit contact Protect yourself Keep clean Monitor yourself for symptoms More details here:  #weekendreads #coronavirus 
Trump took the coronavirus test and he gave himself an A-plus rating. He scored the highest test result in history, he had the greatest numbers, believe me
Yeah, basically the same effect. Coronavirus is enveloped and detergents break down this essential piece of its outer layer
To me personally this Coronavirus HYPE by the Jackwad, FAKE NEWS mob and scumbag democrats is MORE smoke & mirrors Just last week Chuck Schumer THREATENED two Supreme Court Justices by NAME DA John Durham will be BLOWING up the Deep State this year too! Get it?
Trump ghoulishly bragged about Friday’s stock market gains during a news conference about the deadly coronavirus pandemic 
It beggars belief that the Health Secretary chooses to tell us what the Government plans on #coronavirus behind a Paywall This national emergency requires daily morning press conferences & FREE information in every medium & on every platform  …
Democrats tried forcing an amendment to the coronavirus relief bill that would fund abortions An Illinois mayor added the ban of firearms & ammo to the coronavirus emergency executive order They’re doing it— politicizing this fearful time to push their agenda. Truly evil!
Smart move for Biden to be embracing Warren now--she was the only candidate with a #coronavirus plan--back in JANUARY--& has a recovery plan. Biden endorses Warren's bankruptcy plan, calling it 'one of the things that I think Bernie and I will agree on'  …
coronavirus is a pandemic - arabs: 
We thank our 6 million followers for their trust and support to provide the world with accurate health information. Follow updates on #COVID19 and other health issues on our @Twitter account: @WHO, and share them with your friends and family. #coronavirus 
#CoronaVirus #CoronaVirusHysteria ODH Director #DrAmyActon claimed more than 100,000 coronavirus cases in #Ohio now admits that she was just  …
I'm worried Jared Kushner might accidentally get his Middle East plan mixed up with his Coronavirus Response and move the CDC Headquarters to Tel Aviv.
“I’ve written an open letter to the government questioning the U.K. Coronavirus strategy” 
Coronavirus ITU response in my head: Mid Jan: Oh, that looks bad, glad it’s miles away and shouldn’t affect us. Early Feb: This looks like a bad flu, it’ll be fine. Mid Feb: We should probably save the cubicles for them if we get any. End Feb: We need some more isolation rooms.
Law enforcement in Kentucky are physically preventing a person infected with coronavirus from leaving his house:  …
Spain: Begoña Gómez, wife of PM Pedro Sánchez, has tested positive for Coronavirus as has the partner of Pablo Iglesias, deputy PM, and another minister. All were on the March 8th feminist demo that the government encouraged.  …
Due to the coronavirus pandemic and the millions affected, we have decided to giveaway the Year 5 Season Pass for free to all of our players. Thank you for your continued support over these last 5 years, and for your future support. 
China now blames Europe and North America for not taking pre-emptive steps to stop #CoronaVirus spreading!  …
Brexit means coronavirus vaccine will be slower to reach the UK  …
If you need a primer on coronavirus, I made you one. Right down to the handy symptoms chart.  …
the one thing i keep telling myself to calm my nerves is if i get coronavirus my boyfriend for sure will also have coronavirus and if i have to be stuck in my house for a while at least it’s with that sexy motherfucker
“It appears that a Massachusetts coronavirus cluster with at least 82 cases was started by people who were not yet showing symptoms, and more than half a dozen studies have shown that people without symptoms are causing substantial amounts of infection.”  …
The stages of #SelfQuarantine. What phase are you on? #coronavirus #coronapocalypse 
Coronavirus Testing Criteria and Numbers by Country - South Korea is doing 4,000 test per 1M pop while we are doing 26 per 1M. Let’s recognize we are now an “underdeveloped country” and ask South Korea for technical assistance. #COVID19  …
U.S. troops in Afghanistan are not being tested for the novel coronavirus, U.S. military officials told the House Armed Services Committee, because there is “no availability of testing for COVID-19” for troops there.  …
If hospitals and staff are overwhelmed with coronavirus, that means there won't be staff, beds or resources for anyone else... so this will impact everyone... anyone in car accident or gun shot or any other illness. Now is the time to turn the tide... for everyone.
Almost all the coronavirus plans Trump announced in the Rose Garden aren’t happening.  …
Spain's opposition leader Casado says government was too slow to react on coronavirus  
CORONAVIRUS LATEST: COVID-19- disruptions to the economy has cost the U.S. economy approximately $17 billion.  — Deaths in U.S. rise to 56 — Severe restrictions put in place in European nations — Preventive measures announced in Israel
BREAKING: Coronavirus Public Service Announcement. #COVIDー19 
In a health emergency any statement from the Health Secretary should be in all papers and media outlets and not behind a pay wall. #coronavirus  …
We need to make sure first responders and healthcare professionals have what they need to stay safe and healthy and we need to increase capacity at our hospitals and make sure they have enough medical equipment. These steps are critical  #coronavirus. 
 … Coronavirus Patent number: 10130701 Date of Patent: November 20, 2018 Assignee: THE PIRBRIGHT INSTITUTE Inventors: Erica Bickerton, Sarah Keep, Paul Britton Funded by Bill Gates. He resigned from Board of Directors at Microsoft a few days ago.
BREAKING: Wife of Spain's Prime Minister tests positive for coronavirus
"The administration’s struggle to mitigate the coronavirus outbreak has been marked by infighting and blame-shifting, misinformation and missteps, and a slow recognition of the danger."  …
#Pakistan says it is ready to extend assistance to its neighbours amid the coronavirus outbreak. #CoronaVirusUpdates #CoronavirusPandemic #SAARC Pak ready for Saarc video call after PM Modi suggests joint Covid-19 strategy - india news - Hindustan  …
While Canadians were being warned [some would say lectured] about racism by our Governments and public health officials, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Singapore were all taking effective action after China finally revealed the outbreak of the coronavirus #cdnpoli #bcpoli
This 100%. My wife is a Respiratory Therapist who worked through SARS, H1N1, and now the Coronavirus. I have immense respect for her and her peers working to protect us.  …
SOMEONE JUST SAID THAT EMMA, CLEO, & RIKKI CANT WASH THEIR HANDS DURING THE CORONAVIRUS CRISIS AND WILL MOSTELY DIE. I AM SCREAMING!! 
question: does coronavirus make kids act like they're 55? 
Coronavirus in China has been traced back to November. They’re now saying the worst has past, new cases have dropped to single-digits, and are on the rebound. And it only took five months. China has 1.4 billion people. Y’all need to quit stressing.
Johns Hopkins professor estimates at least 50,000 people have coronavirus in US  
The new #COVID19 Opposition Adapter! As shared in the #Brownells Private Facebook Group! #coronavirus #ar15 
We are not “politicizing the coronavirus” by calling out Trump for his criminal and sociopathic mismanagement of this crisis. @GerryConnolly’s response to the notion that Democrats are politicizing this to “score political points against Trump” was 
Because everything has its solution ..let’s merge our hearts for saving humanity all of us now in the hand of God Almighty ..he only will save us from this curse named coronavirus .. Pray & pray Love,be kind & pray Now nothing left except prayers ...... 
Private insurance vs #coronavirus - Corona wins #MedicareForAll vs #coronavirus -M4A wins Vote Bernie on Tuesday 
Totally  of @UKgovt to brief draconian #coronavirus plans off the record in response to criticism.
Here’s Ben Carson obliviously demonstrating how not to cough in public during today’s coronavirus press conference immediately after Pence touted his credentials 
[coronavirus] I don’t know where neurotypicals get  that ADHD and autistic people can’t sit still when apparently “just stay the fuck home for ten hot seconds” is Literally Impossible and all the NTs are Literally Going To Die if they can’t go to the bar tonight
Coronavirus just found out Trump's uncle taught at MIT and has stopped spreading. CHECKMATE LIBERALS
From nationally respected EMS leader: "OSHA does not consider EMS to be healthcare workers. So we are having trouble getting N-95s from the national strategic stockpile for this reason." #COVID19 #Coronavirus #SARSCoV19 #FOAMed #FOAMems
Infighting, missteps inside the administration’s troubled coronavirus response, Trump’s son-in-law & senior adviser who has zero expertise in infectious diseases- saw the administration floundering and inserted himself at the helm,- The Washington Post  …
You’ll DIE from the coronavirus and probably kill your elderly relatives if you don’t follow these important steps!! (To keep reading, subscribe to our shitty online propaganda machine)
EMERGENCY CORONAVIRUS EPISODE just dropped. Full ep here:  #COVID2019 
Clinics in Australia, South Korea, and Germany set up drive-thru coronavirus testing sites in attempt to slow the outbreak’s spread @MrKRudd @yacovha @salim_merchant @davidnabarro @kunalkamra88 @Alex_Verbeek @alexisohanian @RobertoValentUN 
Coronavirus is really undermining capitalism. There is talk in Italy and the UK about suspending mortgage payments and in the USA there’s talk about suspending evictions. A better system is possible and times of crisis shouldn’t be the only exception to an oppressive rule.  …
Juanes and Alejandro Sanz are bringing their concert to your living room amid the coronavirus outbreak.  …
To those in the pubs you should also be aware that alcohol weakens the body’s immune system in various ways, increasing susceptibility to viral infection. As well as infecting others you may not be so invincible yourselves. #COVID19 #pubs #alcohol #coronavirus  …
Jared and his weird posse are the last people on Earth we should rely on! Jared Kushner’s ‘haphazard and helter-skelter’ coronavirus response revealed by The Washington Post -  …
It just so happens that @lou_deasis is starting his practicum with us this week. #yyc #yeg #coronavirus He also worked with #CSEC Though his practicum is supposed to be unpaid - we're going to pay him for this one.  …
Taiwan has a population of 23 million. Last year, it had 2.7 million visitors from China. But as of March 10, Taiwan has just 45 coronavirus cases. Here's why the island has one of the best containment track records in the world so far: 
BREAKING: Union officials confirm an OIA TSA officer tested positive for coronavirus. They tell me every worker in contact with that person has been notified. They’ve been worried about this because of the constant contact they have with passengers and their belongings.
wait if i get the coronavirus.... theoretically... .. would i lose weight?? ...like when you get the flu? haha just kidding! wouldnt want the coronavirus.... aha but like would i lose weight though
And this moron sits in Parliament. I really struggling to accept that someone like Lavatory is in the position to vote on national legislation. #coronavirus  …
Gov. Ralph Northam on Saturday announced Virginia’s first death from the coronavirus  …
Coronavirus Has Turned The Canadian Children Angry  
Could someone please show the UK government these graphs?! China has proven that testing, quarantine, distancing and self isolation work and curtail the outbreak. Not mass exposure of 70% of the population to attain #Herd_Immunity but at what cost? #coronavirus 
A handful of New Jersey and Pennsylvania movie theaters close down amid #coronavirus pandemic. More:  
This about to be me with my dog since he can’t get Coronavirus. Someone’s got to cook, clean, and work if I get it. TikTok cred: cliquelite 
I'm right with Dorothy!! If ANYONE coughs, sneezes or breathes near me.. Wash your hands you filthy animals or you'll be staying #HomeAlone #Corona #CoronaVirus #GoldenGirls #TheGoldenGirls #BettyWhite #RueMcClanahan #BeaArthur 
I guarantee Trump is positive for coronavirus  …
No joke. "The coronavirus calamity should reach far & wide. Coronavirus is paving the path for the emergence of the the last Imam," says a senior mullah in #Iran. Farsi source:  
#BREAKING: Wife of Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez has coronavirus – PM's office 
Evra was at United for 8 years and the medical stuff didn’t know he was allergic to eggs. Doubt they could spot Coronavirus  …
CAPITALISMO. Italians over 80 'will be left to die' as country overwhelmed by coronavirus  …
Josh Gad Helps Kids and Parents amid Coronavirus Outbreak by Hosting Reading of Children's Book 
If you are feeling lost, like the messaging isn’t clear and you don’t know how to respond to coronavirus, just follow Dr Norman Swan, and note the urgency in his voice, he’s on the money. So many practical questions answered in this podcast:  …
BREAKING: RNC Chair Ronna McDaniel tested for #coronavirus , went to Trump's Mar-a-Lago, Senate lunch. Trump needs to #SelfQuarantine NOW!  …
BREAKING: Goldberg has tested positive for being overrated. #Coronavirus
Americans could face "8 weeks or more" of shutdowns and working from home as the Coronavirus surges, says Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. 
#ResidentEvil #CodeVeronica #REBHFun Even Alexia Ashford is taking the necessary hygienic precautions to deal with Coronavirus. What’s your excuse? 
Good to see the UK  finding their voice on the failure of the UK Government to protect the population from #COVID19 #coronavirus Scientists say UK virus strategy is 'risking lives'  …
when nadal was trending, i thought Rafa Nadal had coronavirus 
As part of our planned emergency measures we will be taking over control of all private hospitals. This is so we can make absolutely sure that no NHS patients get in. #coronavirus
People who don't care about getting #coronavirus because "it's just, like, the flu" imagine what will happen when hospitals are overrun, personnel are exhausted, there aren't enough space, beds or equipment & people are sick, for a variety of reasons, and need medical attention?
Clinics in Australia, South Korea, and Germany set up drive-thru coronavirus testing sites in attempt to slow the outbreak’s spread 
In a lot of ways, the coronavirus and the Rockies are actually pretty similar. Both are bad and are very clearly not going to get better on their own, but the guy in charge for some reason seems to think it will and says you're the dummy if you disagree!
All you Guys and Dolls out there, @RandyRainbow has encapsulated our Lament. We are all Adelaide; make THIS go viral, not coronavirus!  …
Coronavirus is most contagious before and during the first week of symptoms . "after about 10 days or so, you’re not likely to be infecting other people". Take home message - there is some reasoning now behind a 2 week isolation period.  …
Does anyone know a good website to read lots of amateur opinions on the coronavirus?
I am so thankful for all of our dedicated and professional @HaltonPolice along with @haltonems @oakvillefire @BurlingtonFire @miltonfire8500 @HaltonHillsFD @HaltonMedics207 uniform and civilians working through the coronavirus situation to protect ALL.Thank You for your service
#BREAKING Wife of Spanish premier Pedro Sanchez has coronavirus, according to official 
INBOX: Mayor Martin J. Walsh, Greater Boston Real Estate Board + property owners announce a partnership to impose a moratorium on evictions in Boston while Massachusetts is under a state of emergency. #bospoli #mapoli #COVIDー19 #coronavirus
Wealthy Chinese businessmen are now sending aid to the US... like it’s a developing nation. What an incredibly fast power shift, all under one President. #COVID19 #coronavirus  …
Solskjær: "Would I let my family attend a football match during the coronavirus crisis? That’s not for me to answer. We just listen to the authorities and the bodies who decide. We just have to go with the decisions that are made." #mulive [mirror]
here's what's happening in Texas while @JohnCornyn sips his shots of beer - a law enforcement officer w coronavirus has been hospitalized, unconscious for days, fighting for his life. nice priorities, Senator. bottoms up.  …
Boris Johnson must act now to support people affected by the coronavirus.  …
Does anyone of my 48K followers know anyone that has the Infamous Coronavirus? Asking for a friend.....
Trumps coronavirus team is MORE DIVERSE than the actual U.S. population Why are you BLANTANTLY LYING about the color of people skin? In your photo I see 2 black dudes a brown woman a white woman & Trump @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods @seanhannity  …
There are those who will try to use #coronavirus for political gain Pay no attention - all MPs received the same brief from the Chief Medical Officer Be safe - follow the advice A global pandemic should be when political leaders put aside difference & work for  good  …
The coronavirus is being used as a political weapon to attack President Trump. Find out more on this episode of #BFT.  
NEWT GINGRICH: I Am in Italy Amid the Coronavirus Crisis. America Must Act Now - “We should be planning for a worst-case pandemic and using the kind of intensity of implementation which served us so well in World War II.”  …
Blood donations are plummeting as coronavirus cases continue to rise, raising the alarming possibility of a national blood supply shortage. The resounding message from blood banks: If you’re healthy, give blood now. 
WHO Warns Outbreaks In Victorian England Confirm Coronavirus Capable Of Spreading Through Time  
Chinese billionaire and Alibaba co-founder Jack Ma said he will donate 500,000 coronavirus testing kits and one million face masks to the United States. 
Solskjær: “Our medical staff have been watching the [coronavirus] situation minute-to-minute. Even at half-time against LASK, we had the doctors checking on the players." #mulive [mirror]
150,000 immigrants from 72 nations with coronavirus stopped at border  via @dcexaminer @SecretsBedard
Coronavirus is first a health problem, second an economic one | Greg Jericho  …
A "Top-Ranking" Florida Health Official And Expert On Disease Takes A Break From This Coronavirus Pandemic Thing For A Well-Earned 14 Day Vacation On A Cruise Ship  
Utah Jazz's Rudy Gobert has apologised for making a joke about coronavirus after testing positive. He's also made a big donation to part-time employees and local health care services. Full story:  
WATCH: How Trump's mistakes made coronavirus worse.  #Inners
Utah Jazz star Rudy Gobert, the first NBA player to test positive for coronavirus, has pledged more than $500,000 to help idled arena workers and social services in Oklahoma City and France.  …
In France, "300 coronavirus patients are in critical condition—half of them under 50 years of age." Every one of us has a moral obligation to reduce social exposure right now. But if the moral reasons don't do it for you, how about some selfish ones?  …
Maharashtra: Pune Police yesterday arrested three persons on charges of selling substandard sanitisers. Case registered under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and Essential Commodities Act. #CoronaVirus 
NEW: France reports 838 new cases of coronavirus today and 12 new deaths. A total of 4,499 cases and 91 deaths.
The coronavirus outbreak has caused people to stock up on toilet paper leaving  empty therefore resorting to people buying baby wipes failing to realize that there's mother's out here who need those for their babies... This is getting out of hand
Legendary FDNY Fire Marshal John Knox, stricken with coronavirus, is fighting for his life. Knox faced everything from raging fires to terrorist attacks, and now he's sedated and on a respirator facing COVID-19. 
Coronavirus News: 24-hour grocery chain stores adjusting times amid COVID-19 outbreak  …
If your children have concerns about #COVID19, addressing those together may ease their anxiety. Children will observe adults’ behaviours and emotions for cues on how to manage their own emotions during difficult times.  #coronavirus 
'We are in a grave situation’, Professor Dr John Ashton tells @mattfrei, as he says we are a couple of weeks behind Italy in the coronavirus pandemic  …
That 8.3 billion @POTUS bragged about signing has to actually be delivered for it to mean anything. #coronavirus
Doctor Blasts Trump For Lying That Anyone Can Get Tested For Coronavirus  … via @dc_tribune
#Kashmir was under #lockdown & still is. China did no good for #Ughyur, India did no good for #DelhiPogrom victims. Now whole world has to live in lockdown due to #coronavirus Enjoy the inhumanity of others which whole world had to suffer. Cheers. #HumanityFirst #HumanityForward
NBA Player Who Pulled Coronavirus Stunt Donates $500,000 To Relief Effort  
Good luck to everyone beating Coronavirus by eating rice. Been looking for the original article that says it works, but can’t find any rice anyway :(
Trump failures laid out: "The administration’s struggle to mitigate the coronavirus outbreak has been marked by infighting and blame-shifting, misinformation and missteps, and a slow recognition of the danger."  …
Chart of how the US and  in terms of Coronavirus cases. We are currently at 2817 cases.  to Italy's 2502 at the same time. We are now MUCH WORSE than Italy. The next week is make or break. Practicing social distancing is going to be critical. 
Dollars to donuts it is Jared Kushner’s brother’s #coronavirus  which is processing the @realDonaldTrump test sample.
I'm hearing Trump's score on the coronavirus test is one of the highest doctors have ever seen, his natural ability for it was stunning
Only 36% of Britons trust Boris Johnson on coronavirus, poll finds  …
Coronavirus turns into toilet paper shortage because there are THAT many ASSHOLES in America that vote Democrat
Imagine if #Corona would have started in India! Hindu Mahasabha's Chakrapani is not the only one who organized 'Cow Urine Party ' in Delhi to keep #CoronaVirus away, Ramdev suggests Ayurvedic medicine, Yogi Adityanath suggests Yoga, Modi's Ayush Ministry prescribes Homeopathy.
We need answers to these questions immediately. It’s crucial that the Government now sets out proposals for further help for the low-paid and other vulnerable people in the #coronavirus crisis.  …
𝗧𝗛𝗜𝗦 𝗜𝗦 𝗪𝗛𝗔𝗧 𝗟𝗘𝗔𝗗𝗘𝗥𝗦𝗛𝗜𝗣 𝗟𝗢𝗢𝗞𝗦 𝗟𝗜𝗞𝗘! Pres @realDonaldTrumpalong with his team @VP & @stevenmnuchin1 Reach A Deal with @SpeakerPelosi For The #Coronavirus #Covid19 Response #ReliefPackage Trump Cares about the American people. #AMERICAFIRST 
I predict that Mar A Lago is going to be a #coronavirus hotspot. A man who brunched at Mar A Lago has tested positive for #COVIDー19  …
Are the government seriously going to drip out coronavirus public health plans via briefings to political journalists? If so, that seems...mad. And a bit scary.
I’ll be taking a step back from doing as much media about coronavirus as I have been doing. While I think that it’s still an important job, I have to look after my own mental health. People find it very easy to be harsh on social media. #BeKind
It’s even worse than we thought. And we already thought it was historically awful. Infighting, missteps and a son-in-law hungry for results: Inside the Trump administration’s troubled coronavirus response - The Washington Post  …
What’s the perfect song to sum up the #coronavirus? I will start with Don’t stand so close to me by The Police
On a Saturday Night in Florida, a Presidential Party Became a Coronavirus Hot Zone  …
As the Coronavirus pandemic gets crazier by the hour, Would be nice if @jack and @vijaya brought @zerohedge back as they were the first to accurately report on the outbreak and were banned for doing so #FreeZeroHedge
When you're tested the day before, for coronavirus. Awaiting results, and you decide it is fine to spend time around a large of group of kids, and others.  …
I have waived some trucking regulations to help stores restock after supply shortages due to #coronavirus concerns. Retailers have strong supply sources & there's no need to hoard. Retailers are ready to restock. #COVID-19 #txlege  … via @12NewsNow
Coronavirus: NHS to buy up private hospital beds as COVID-19 spreads in UK  …
Toilet Paper: @Publix has jokes The #run on toilet paper has struck many as peculiar This could get #messy Forget a cup of sugar, borrowing a roll of toilet paper is the new #MeetYourNeighbors2020 This is #coronavirus, not norovirus #COVID19 
Italians defy coronavirus with mass singing, applause for doctors  
Read the first four paragraphs of the government’s Coronavirus plan for free, subscribe to the Telegraph if you want to know the detail.  …
Trump says the coronavirus “came out of nowhere” & “blindsided the world.” Public health & national security experts have been warning about the next pandemic for years; its one of the reasons they were TERRIFIED when he ELIMINATED the NSC Pandemic office.  …
With thousands of schools shutting and shifting to online education during the coronavirus shutdown, Comcast says it is offering to help  families stay connected via the Internet. 
So the Canadian government advised Canadians to cancel all travel plans. But they're still accepting flights from China and failing to screen passengers. 10/10 coronavirus stopped dead in its tracks.  …
"A COVID-19 coronavirus update from concerned physicians" -Fantastic article & videos, and thank you so much to @hjluks @Kidney_Boy @ethanjweiss @WendySueSwanson @Doctor_V @Cadiulus @_NancyMD & @DrEricLevi for writing this  … via @kevinmd
New York hospitals are pitching tents and nixing surgeries to prepare for an influx of coronavirus patients 
Would spending £200bn on #Trident be better spent funding the #NHS - can Trident be used to protect a country against a virus? #coronavirus has shown that in military terms you may be the strongest in the world but if you don't have an effective health service you are vulnerable.
me when i get coronavirus 
americans and people from other european countries during coronavirus pandemic: buy sanitizers and toilet paper italians during coronavirus pandemic, starting their second week of national lockdown: buy beer yeast to make homemade pizza
#Coronavirus shows that robots taking our jobs is functional, since the economy doesn’t have to evaporate during crisis. Add a  4 humans & we then have the best of both worlds. Please reread my 2015 @Vice story on just these ideas!  … 
#Coronavirus outbreak or not... Today is a Saturday which means that AntiMacron-protesters are clashing with the French police ( it’s #Acte70, the 70th consecutive Saturday of #GiletsJaunes #YellowVest protests in 
One thing this #coronavirus has made me realize: A country cannot be dependent on another for essential supplies in times of crisis. Any government that allows this to happen is failing its own people, and it’s country is not free - it’s a hostage. @JustinTrudeau @realDonaldTrump
GOP Senator tells Trump to "step back" from coronavirus updates so there can be "a consistent message" from officials  
Excuse me, Neal but who was the GOP member of Congress who joked about intentionally exposing Justice Ginsburg to the coronavirus last week? Who remembers which one it was?
We requested a copy of the Bureau of Prisons' emergency management plan & of course they failed to respond in the timeline allotted, which is woefully inadequate and unacceptable as we fight to contain #coronavirus. To read our full letter:  …
Please please be kind everybody be respectful, considerate  Desperate days weeks and months ahead. #coronavirus
The British response to Coronavirus is unique. It may seem scary that we’re not following the herd, but the Government’s approach is backed by science and unparalleled expertise. The Government is working to protect the most vulnerable in our society. We will get through this.
#BREAKING: Queen quits Buckingham Palace over coronavirus fears  
Ha -- he and his kids and a few other Russian assets got the super-secret Putin vaccine which is why coward germaphobe Trump is so cavalier about shaking hands and exposing himself to coronavirus
BREAKING - ROYAL RETREAT! Queen quits Buckingham Palace over #COVID19 fears as UK cases hit 1,140 and death toll doubles to 21. Plans are in place to quarantine her and Prince Philip, 98, at Sandringham if the coronavirus outbreak worsens.  …
This shames us all. A heavily pregnant lassie gets the coronavirus and what do we dae? If you’re okay with what happened to her, block me and go find yer heart.  …
Dr. Drew says press should be 'held accountable' for coronavirus panic: 'They are hurting people'  …
Does the Junior Don think he can shoot coronavirus like he shoots defenseless sheep??  …
Newborn baby tests positive for coronavirus in London - Business Insider  …
US expands travel ban to UK and Ireland amid Coronavirus outbreak – video  …
I promised him that “Secret” would never tell #District5 #GA #AngelaStanton #coronavirus 
I know you’ve been hearing A LOT about COVID-19 (the disease caused by the novel coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 (aka 2019-nCoV)) & you might be wondering how the tests work. I explain  & more pics below #366DaysOfScience #biochemistry  
Mr. President I am with you #NationalPrayerDay Donald Trump Declares National Day of Prayer Amid Coronavirus Battle  via @BreitbartNews
A lot of people with anxiety and depression are really struggling right now (justifiably) and discussions about "additional" productivity are not helpful in between the very important, accurate, reported information about how many people will likely die of COVID-19 (coronavirus).
I love Pete Buttigieg. For those of us so inclined he showed that it was possible to be both faithful AND scientifically literate. No people, Vitamin C will not help you with the coronavirus . Nor will drinking water every 15 minutes, nor will holding your breath, nor...
The year is 2024. Coronavirus was worse than we expected. Toilet paper has been gone for 3 yrs. A single tear rolls down my cheek as I wipe my ass with another plush, absorbent, angel soft Uniqlo x Engineered Garments fleece.
Branson needs to understand “many billionaires will lose loved airlines due to Coronavirus”
Can we please stop panicking about whether or not democracies can successfully respond to coronavirus. The answer is obviously yes. Democracies are also capable of mobilizing for total war, dealing with invasions, & etc.
This piece (w/animated simulations) from @Harry_Stevens is the best illustration I’ve seen of how important social distancing is to limit the damage of coronavirus. Help  …
Have you met my friend @CatalinaLauf? She’s running for Congress in #IL14. She’s absolutely incredible & needs us! #coronavirus has nothing on the deep seeded establishment that has launched a full out attack on her. Let’s send a message & help her be the nominee on Tues 3/17!  …
Now THAT’s the kinda coronavirus response we wanna see D.C. 
In honor of MLB’s season being delayed due to the Coronavirus, here’s a throwback from 2018: Bottom of the 9th, two outs, two strikes, bases loaded, down three, & rookie pinch-hitter David Bote delivers. This makes me miss baseball. Straight craziness. 
A lockdown is essential, everywhere, but I personally don't think Sánchez has handled things well enough in Madrid to lead the way elsewhere. And his 'speech' seemed to be more 'viva España' than 'kill Coronavirus'. Just my humble opinion.
Jammu and Kashmir: Jammu Municipal Corporation along with Health Department initiated a drive of spraying sodium hypochlorite in Jammu city for disinfection, in wake of #Coronavirus. (14.03) 
Frequently Asked Questions about the Coronavirus and Alabama Schools from the Alabama State Department of Education. #AlabamaAchieves #ALSDE 
me pretending i have coronavirus for attention 
I love this! #nohungrykids #coronavirus 
WATCH 3/13/20 webinar: @XihongLin presents the "Analysis of 25, 000+ COVID-19 cases in Wuhan: Epidemiological characteristics and effects of non-pharmaceutical interventions"  . Updated slides:  #COVIDー19 #coronavirus 
Why does the coronavirus pandemic have people stocking up on toilet paper?  - @TODAYshow
Lastly an observation: all the methods for addressing Coronavirus - take immediate  together, mobilise like in war time, suspend harmful behaviors, slow it down so we can cope - should be grafted word for word onto the discourse for addressing the #ClimateEmergency
This from @MattHancock highlights the rationale behind the Government’s #Coronavirus decisions, busts a few myths, and outlines the next steps in the plan. Please do give it a read.  … 
Josh, would the Washington Post open their paywall to all coronavirus articles, like the New York Times is doing? It's really important that everyone be as informed as possible now and in November!
Ontario creates new fee codes so physicians can offer virtual medical care during #coronavirus #pandemic, by @moore_oliver  … via @globeandmail #OHIP #cdnhealth #COVID19
Tell Mike Bloomberg we'll let him be the nominee if he pays for everyone's coronavirus testing but then when he does we collectively run our hands through our hair and say "psych"
#coronavirus selective fear.....  …
NEWS: My Telegraph article on the next stage of our #coronavirus plan: We must all do everything in our power to protect lives  …
65-year-old man from New York has died from the #coronavirus, the second confirmed death from COVID-19 in the state:  
- 22,000 flu deaths in the United States this season. - 50 Coronavirus deaths in the U.S. this season. One of these has shut down the entire economy of our country, canceled gatherings & sports, and created a nationwide panic. Guess which one? 
There's no need to call on a remorsless Trump regime to lift its barbaric sanctions. They knowingly weaponize the #coronavirus. Yet the criminal sanctions were initiated by Obama. It's in the DNA of such regimes to crush & gloat. Yet, we'll prevail and their backs shall be broken
Sunday WaPo today: Inside the infighting and missteps in the White House’s coronavirus response, w Jared Kushner at the center is the tumult. My latest w @jdawsey1, @PhilipRucker +  …
Our friends at @SSMHealth are here to help you out. Visit  for a free virtual coronavirus evaluation today. 
What a  Leadership makes Wish we had some The number of coronavirus tests performed as of March 11, by country: U.S. - 23 tests per million people U.K. - 347 per million Italy - 826 per million South Korea - 3,692 per million  …
#COVID19 #COVIDー19 #COVID19PT Beautiful moment in Portugal: people clapping at the windows all over the country, thanking the health workers for their tireless work fighting against #Coronavirus 
The Lakers, Clippers, Kings and Staples Center have joined to provide financial support to pay 2,800 hourly event employees while the NBA and NHL remaining regular-season games are halted due to the coronavirus pandemic. 
You should REALLY Thank God that this “Coronavirus epidemic” didn’t happen under Hillary Clinton’s watch.Instead of us arresting the bad guys,[They] would have us disarmed forcibly, and put us in rail cars on the way to FEMA CAMPS! That was part of the 16 year plan to destroy USA
1). Self quarantine in a Jiu Jitsu gym 2). Train 24/7 for two months insulated from the coronavirus 3). Emerge to the post-apocalyptic wastes of society, fluent in the only language that still matters: Jiu Jitsu
In a study of 24 passengers who’d just flown from Israel, 7 tested positive for coronavirus, of which 4 had no symptoms — and *the viral load of specimens from asymptomatic patients was higher than from the 3 patients who had symptoms*  …
This is THE truth about coronavirus from someone who actually knows what he’s talking about. I only interview experts and insiders. Check out my just released interview with Dr. Drew and separate truth from fiction. Stay safe out there  …
Queen leaves Buckingham Palace over coronavirus  
MADRID (AP) -- Spain's government announced Saturday that it is placing tight restrictions on movements and closing restaurants and other establishments in the nation of 46 million people as part of a two-week state of emergency to fight the sharp rise in coronavirus infections.
JUST IN: First deaths from coronavirus confirmed in Louisiana and Virginia. Raising U.S. death toll to 57.
Privately #PresidentPandemic is nervous waiting for the lab results of his #coronavirus test. So much for the last 3 years of his overt hostility to #science. I’m old enough to to remember two weeks ago when he said soon we would have zero cases here. Science may save him.
. @katiecouric's daily Wake Up Call newsletter is what I read first thing every morning. Interesting link in it today re coronavirus and anxiety.  …
VAV reschedules the remaining Grand America Tour dates due to the Coronavirus  
Why outbreaks like coronavirus spread exponentially, and how to “flatten the curve”  …
Elderly to be quarantined 'for four months' in 'war-time' style coronavirus plan , more details : 
Something I don't think most of the public has grasped about coronavirus: This is going to be impacting our lives for months to a year or more. It's not just the next couple weeks. Maybe it'll die down with warm weather. If so, it's likely to pop back up again in fall & winter.
my girl has coronavirus so y’all niggas can stay away
House passes coronavirus response bill ensuring paid leave, unemployment insurance and free virus testing  
Giannis Antetokounmpo, Zion Williamson and Blake Griffin are just some of the NBA players who are donating thousands of dollars to hourly employees missing out on pay as the season is indefinitely suspended because of the coronavirus pandemic 
If you decide to go to the pub with the girls and guys, smothered together like sardines, you are perpetuating the coronavirus pandemic. You will be largely part of the problem when people die. You will cause burnout of staff who may have to save a relative’s life. Please stop.
Suspend rent and mortgage payments to support coronavirus affected, Jeremy Corbyn tells Boris Johnson  …
I live in Montana. Pure MAGAT country. Home of the “Coronavirus hoax”. WTF MAGATS? 
Do Americans have enough social solidarity to stave off the worst possibilities of #coronavirus pandemic? Crises can be switching points for states & societies. A fraction of us are old, sick or fragile, nearly all of us love & care for someone who is.  …
Could coronavirus do what the Democrats could not do?
People from all over Spain went out on their balconies at 22:00 to applaud healthcare workers for their effort during the #COVIDー19 outbreak. Thank you. #Ceuta #StayHome #coronavirus 
I'm working on something MAJOR for Tuesday on some more links to the Trump administration  that will profit from coronavirus COVID-19 testing. Be sure to subscribe now to SHERO to get it delivered right to your inbox and stay tuned! 
Just spoke with a good friend who is very prominent doctor/researcher who told me the entire  is bracing for the hurricane of Coronavirus cases that are going to start hitting hospitals by the end of next week.
The UK has an extensive testing regime in place for Coronavirus. We’ve undertaken over 37,746 tests, including 5,000 yesterday. We’re doing more testing than any country other than China, South Korea & Italy. This data is slightly behind, but helpful.  …
Islamic Scholar Who Said Coronavirus Was “Allah’s Punishment” Gets Coronavirus  …
This is a pretty cool data visualisation! Why outbreaks like coronavirus spread exponentially, and how to “flatten the curve” - Washington Post #covid  …
White panic: in the UK, you can be detained by the police on suspicion of being infected with coronavirus. Wonder  might be impacted the most  …
NY hospitals are pushing forward with emergency plans to make rooms/resources available for surge in coronavirus cases that’s expected to place historic pressure on region’s health-care system. Nixing elective surgeries & setting up tent triage for lower-risk patients @business
Surge in coronavirus patients threatens to swamp U.S. hospitals 
2) Especially now with Coronavirus, if you are able to, giving money to homeless people is incredibly helpful, regardless of what you think they should spend it on.
291,000 people have died of flu worldwide but only 5,819 died of Coronavirus. COVID-19's being used to increase govt. powers, especially against dissidents. China's stopped Hong Kong protests, France's stopping Yellow Vests, etc. NO virus only 0.019% fatality of flu can do this.  …
City Attorney Mike Feuer on price gouging! #pricegouging #COVIDー19 #coronavirus 
The applause for healthcare workers across Spain. #SanidadPublica #coronavirus  …
Perception vs reality. If there is one thing Humanity should take away from Coronavirus Covid-19 situation is that we all are under the same sky. We all are the same. No matter your race, religion or creed. We all will be affected in some way.This is the chance to work together.
Brendan Murphy says "Children can carry the #coronavirus without symptoms and can act as an agent to infect others to create a 'herd immunity', including aged grandparents. My advice is to keep schools open." #insiders #WorstInterviewEver @InsidersABC 
Bottom line: if you don’t  with the morally depraved, help me beat the morally depraved. We literally waited for hours last night for a madman to send a tweet telling his cult followers in Congress they could vote for #coronavirus relief. That’s where we are.
Cuba: developped a cure for coronavirus and is sending it abroad along with volunteering doctors to help USA: thoughts and prayers 
 @verizon @ATT @GetSpectrum @sprint @TMobile Suspend all phone bills for 3 months and prorate them over the following 12. If you shut someone’s phone off during a Pandemic.. you’re Done. #ProTip #PlsRt #coronavirus #COVID19
#NRA National Alert: Champaign, IL, First Locality to Cite “Emergency Powers” to Ban Gun Transfers Due to CoronaVirus  …
A vibrant Spanish seafront on a Saturday night after #CoronavirusESP confinement measures kick in (I was walking dog which is one of the only reasons you can legally leave the house). Army and police out to enforce #coronavirus 
#CoronaVirus life-hack. Tortillas double as butt-wipe. You're 
BREAKING: Long Beach reports new case of coronavirus. It's the first in the city with no clear point of exposure to previously known cases.  …
Very cool simulation  free-for-all, attempted quarantine, moderate distancing..... Why outbreaks like coronavirus spread exponentially, and how to “flatten the curve” - Washington Post  …
Coping with coronavirus anxiety: Avoid unnecessary travel and crowds. Wash your hands often with soap and water (or an alcohol-based hand sanitizer) for 20 seconds (see video). Keep your hands away from your face, especially your eyes, mouth, and nose. 
8 fights and 8 decisions at UFC Brasilia. That's the MMA gods punishing us for ignoring the coronavirus, right?
France joins other European countries in effectively shutting down. Coronavirus: France Shuts Restaurants, Cinemas, Non-Essential Retail  via @BreitbartNews
Nice pic from New York #COVIDー19 #COVID19 #coronavirus 
Babies Lives Matter Division:Pro-Life Leaders Praise Trump for Protecting Hyde Amendment Pro-life leaders praised ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ & his administration for rejecting the baby killer ⁦ @SpeakerPelosi⁩ ‘s proposal to Kill Babies in the #coronavirus supplemental bill 
My 4 yr old and her 4 yr old mates spent today sending each other WhatsApp videos (via their parents) explaining that they can't see each other or go to school or go to each other's houses because "the coronavirus spreads a LOT." 4 year olds get this. Stay out of the pubs ffs.
At this rate, the source says US is on track to resemble Italy’s burgeoning #coronavirus pandemic. If you are a government or health care official who has information you believe the public should know, please feel free to contact me. 8/8
Following the Peruvian Government's announcement that its efforts to prevent the spread of the coronavirus will include restrictions on all flights from and to Europe and Asia from 16 March the British Government is now advising against all but essential travel to Peru @FCOtravel
Cleaning, portering and catering staff at Lewisham Hospital – where Coronavirus cases have been treated – have walked out after private contractor ISS failed to pay the wages of the hospital workers.  …
#BREAKING: Coronavirus Update: Mayor of Teaneck, New Jersey asks residents to self-quarantine 
Scientists warn UK’s coronavirus response is inadequate 
Coronavirus support for employees, benefit claimants and businesses -   …
Fears of the #Coronavirus epidemic now prompting calls to scale down America's participation in large-scale #NATO  …
. ABORTION WATCH - - TRUMP ENSURES CORONAVIRUS BILL has HYDE AMENDMENT Pro-Life Leaders Praise Trump for Ensuring Coronavirus Bill Includes Hyde Amendment  …
The COVID-19 pandemic has me reflecting on how chaotic the AIDS epidemic must’ve been. We’re lucky the world is uniting on Coronavirus. All those gay men in the ‘80s & several others were ignored by the gov and died w/ shame and stigma. It’s a chapter that can’t be forgotten.
My little girl made a “coronavirus list” to help her stay busy the next 2 weeks while she is outta school stuck at home. Might be the cutest thing I’ve ever seen. 
CoronaVirus Updates and Helping People like:   …
From Kennedy to Regan to Obama to "No, I don't take responsibility at all." (via @mrbenwexler and @DirectorRic.) The only way to get us out of this is to VOTE. #coronavirus 
Coronavirus has radicalized the Housewives.
contemplative but always trying to see hope ... that’s how I feel today. #coronavirus still have so many questions... main being: if we can’t test people how can we know true mortality rate ? And w/o testing how will we know we are truly #covidfree to then help support 
Everyone in NYC who is saying they’re “not worried” abt #coronavirus bc they’re young & “healthy” has lived on nothing but cigarettes, cocaine & bodega meat for 9 years, shares a moldy shower w/ 7 internet strangers & is in an open relationship w/ an anti-vax couple & 2 park rats
An excellent intro to the mathematics of outbreaks, including the new #coronavirus, by probabilist Tom Britton. Explains R_0 that everyone is referring to. Shows the power of math models in shaping our understanding & response to epidemics.  #Math4HF
Hello Twitter. This is Ellie's mother. As you know with the current situation in the US she needs to be quarantined in a holding cell unable to contact us. To our dismay, it wasnt the coronavirus that she tested positive for but the possession of the largest cock in human history
The coronavirus cancelled more things than twitter has
How many twitter threads = 1 book? Because I’ve read at least a book’s worth of twitter threads about Coronavirus
A great resource: the ABC is now publishing a 10 minute daily podcast on what you need to know about Coronavirus - with Dr Norman Swan and Tegan Taylor. Science! Here ya go:  …
JUST NOW: Mayor @KeishaBottoms joined @Fox5Atlanta to update Atlanta residents on the City's efforts & latest policies in the fight  the #coronavirus health threat. Watch the video & hear why now more than ever we must persevere as 
Infected young people (under 20) without symptoms might be driving the spread of #coronavirus more than we realize, by @elizcohencnn  … via @cnnhealth #COVID19 #SocialDistancing
“A lot of our staff has been repurposed for this [ #coronavirus] response as of this week.” The source said some people only began work on this on MONDAY. The team had to wait until the $8.3 billion spending bill was approved. Trump signed that on March 6. 3/
Mikel Arteta's wife says the Arsenal head coach is "feeling fine" and the coronavirus symptoms would not have stopped him from working.  …
Jeremy Corbyn has tonight written to Boris Johnson appealing for urgent measures to help workers struggling amidst the coronavirus pandemic, including increased sick pay, rent and mortgage deferments, and reduced wait time for universal credit.  …
This tweet yesterday was sent with tongue firmly in cheek. But there's a serious issue underlying it, so, for insomniacs, a short thread about the financial implications for sports broadcasters of the coronavirus pandemic. 1/n  …
#selfisolationgame #coronavirus #quarantine #Selfisolate #CoronaPanic #COVIDー19 #Corona * Avoid other people * Stay inside * Busy myself with reading / binge watching shows * Don't bother going to the store I have literally been preparing for this MY ENTIRE ADULT 
Some people may try & use #coronavirus for political purposes Please ignore them All MPs have had the same briefings from the Chief Medical Officer Be sensible, follow the advice A global pandemic is the time to put partisan politics aside & unite for  good
Disneyland to donate excess food to food bank during coronavirus closure  …
I predict the coronavirus will have a second wave, like a tsunami. Once everything has calmed down after this first wave, stock up for the second.
4 employees of CBS News in New York have now tested positive for coronavirus  …
Idk what’s gonna kill me first, the coronavirus or the corny ass jokes about the coronavirus I can only take so much of: “Everyone is on quarantine?? I’m a GAMER. I was BUILT for this I’ve been self quarantined for the last 10 years ”
BREAKING: Georgia is delaying its presidential primary, the second state to do so due to the spread of coronavirus. The primary will now be on May 19 instead of March 24. My story will update  …
After consulting with our public health experts, I am issuing an Emergency Order to suspend operations of Jake’s 58 Casino beginning this evening to prevent the further spread of the #coronavirus and to ensure the safety of our residents.
it’s coronavirUS not coronavirYOU, stop hoarding supplies
Coronavirus: we're all in the same boat, says Netanyahu as he moves to form a "unity" government that excludes the Palestinians from the boat  …
“America & her allies are being punished by God with the Coronavirus,” said Zimbabwe’s Defense Minister, Oppah Muchinguri in Chinhoyi on Saturday. She said Trump was not God, adding that America should feel the wrath of God for imposing sanctions on Zimbabwe in disturbing remarks 
BREAKING Georgia has delayed its presidential primary due to coronavirus  …
THREAD: Talked to a Source at BARDA (Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority), which is under HHS, that develops medical countermeasures in responses to threats such as infectious diseases, such as Ebola, Zika and #coronavirus. 1/
IMPORTANT: Due to the very serious coronavirus concerns, my shows with @HEELZiggler in Houston and Fort Worth are being postponed. In addition, there is a very good chance that all tour dates for March and April will be postponed as well. I think it's the safest move to make.
The coronavirus will not discriminate based on national origin, race, gender, or zip code. It will touch people in positions of power and the most vulnerable in our society. We need to take action  it.  
When life gives you coronavirus... ...ROOMBA CURLING!!!! 
CORONA WATCH: We updated our Caribbean Corona Watch to include Puerto Rico - valid as of 6:35PM AST 14/03/20 Half of CARICOM's members have confirmed cases of coronavirus. The Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Dominica, Grenada, Haiti, Montserrat & SKN do not have confirmed cases. 
here's a video of Portuguese people clapping in honor of all doctors and nurses fighting day and night against coronavirus, I'm speechless, this is so beautiful 
i think if everyone in the world played super bass at the same time it  obliterate the coronavirus barbz assemble
. @FrankFigliuzzi1 suggests some states may explore "creative solutions" for voting amidst the coronavirus outbreak, such as drive-by ballots. "Let's figure it out now. Here's my advice to those states, and the Democratic Party: Get on it now."  @AMJoyShow
The CDC has shared information all American families need to know about the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19).  …
#Coronavirus is leading to extreme sanitation measures on the subway even from the most unsuspecting individuals. 
#Psychologists - Are you looking to prepare for #coronavirus and #telehealth, see the @APA advice on next steps... COVID-19 and #psychology services: How to protect your patients and your  …
As the coronavirus crisis drives us toward global recession, we can't repeat the mistakes of 2008—we need to use this moment to remake the economy in ways that cut carbon and increase care. me, @aldatweets, @KateAronoff, & @triofrancos in  …
All Joe was doing was to keep Beck safe from the coronavirus 
Trump has lied about, tweeted on and wishfully thought at the coronavirus pandemic. All it's done so far is endanger the lives of tens, if not hundreds of thousands of Americans.  …
I’m old enough to remember when Trump was calling the #coronavirus a Hoax.  …
How everyone feeling with the Coronavirus going around? 
With the news of the Warriors basing themselves on the Gold Coast during the coronavirus saga, spare a thought for Gold Coast rugby league fans today who now have two teams to cheer to a loss each week.
YO LIL' DONNIE I INFECTED MYSELF WITH CORONAVIRUS ON PURPOSE THEN I BOUGHT A SIX PACK OF CORONA BEER AND GAVE ONE TO THE MEXICAN GUY THAT MOWS MY LAWN BECAUSE I'M NOT A RACIST. HOW YOU LIKE THEM APPLES, EH? RESIGN NOW!  …
Some tips for keeping your workplace clean during the novel coronavirus outbreak: Wipe down your work station Wash your hands. A lot. Sanitize when soap isn't available Save the handshakes Clean your smartphone 
Crucial: Contrary to what the Trump administration has been saying for weeks, *asymptomatic people are driving transmission of #coronavirus.* Please practice #socialdistancing even if you feel  …
Unlike the Coronavirus... there is a vaccine for humanity’s most deadly virus that has a 100 percent fatality rate called Sin. The vaccine is named Jesus Christ!!! If you don’t have this vaccine. Receive it today! It has eternal consequences! #JesusIsLord #JesusSaves
Nice gesture today by the Lakers, Clippers and LA Kings, who announced they would jointly help cover hourly wages for Staples Center employees who lost shifts from game cancellations because of coronavirus. The funding lasts through the end of the NHL + NBA regular seasons
Some #HealthWorkers may unfortunately experience avoidance by their family  due to stigma and fear. If possible, stay connected with your loved ones including through digital methods to maintain contact.  #COVID19 #coronavirus 
BOOM: Just a couple weeks before a cruel and asinine Trump order was set to force 700K people to go off food stamps, a federal judge blocked the measure, citing concerns about how the #coronavirus pandemic would affect the most vulnerable in society.  …
AJC: Georgia elections officials have postponed the presidential primary scheduled for next week because of the coronavirus pandemic,  the second state to push back a vote. The Georgia primary is now set for May 19.  …
JUST IN: Georgia’s March 24 presidential primaries have been postponed until May because of fears over the coronavirus. Louisiana also plans to postpone its primary They can postpone all they want...The Presidential election will happen on Nov 3rd with or without them
People who fully recover from the coronavirus can be left with '20 to 30%' less lung function, and gasping for breath when they walk quickly, Hong Kong doctors find  …
I get it we will wait till it’s a high caseload and then we will socially isolate. I get it.... #coronavirus
just stocked up for coronavirus, be safe out there 
Also, the 2018 Ebola outbreak is simply  to the #coronavirus pandemic. And in terms of the response, the US was there to support the DRC’s own efforts, not to lead them, and the US presence was  to prior outbreaks.  
Yes. How DID @GOPChairwoman get instant access to a #coronavirus test? Asking for 329 million friends.
The only one truly safe from the Coronavirus! 
Why Are So Many Baby Boomers In Denial Over the Coronavirus?  …
This is an amazing infographic full of gems that our team put together for people to cope with coronavirus spiritually, emotionally, and mentally. Please share widely!  …
People in Spain playing BINGO from windows and balconies during the lockdown for #coronavirus 
Coronavirus please don’t let this be my last 110m hurdle race of szn 
The Chief Medical officer just said we should "start thinking" about how to do social distancing "in the future." @InsidersABC #coronavirus
This is what it means not to have sick leave in the USA. #coronavirus 
From a local supermarket near you .... it’s... It’s #toiletpaperwars #toiletpaper #coronavirus #auspol 
All we need is Drake to wear this and we’ll end the Coronavirus 
Don’t let Coronavirus distract you from the fact these scumbags cheated for years and basically got off without punishment from MLB  …
Wishing the best for Chairwoman McDaniel and everyone showing symptoms or suffering directly from #coronavirus. Uneasy time, but we’ll power through as a country!  …
Turin, Italy: Doctor takes time to warn world of deadly Coronavirus. The US, Germany and UK have handled the #COVIDー19 similarly and can expect the same stress on our healthcare system. UK openly pursues so called “herd immunity” while US does so 
France is shutting restaurants, cafes and shops deemed non-essential, following in footsteps of Italy to curb the coronavirus’s spread. “Too many people still go to cafes and restaurants,” PM Edouard Philippe said. “We must show more discipline.”  …
ANNOUNCEMENT: Due to the coronavirus we're transitioning from a faith vigil outside Parliament to a virtual vigil open to all This is happening from this Monday. Join us on zoom from your home @XRebellionUK @XRebellionUK @xrjews @BuddhistsUk  …
In response the coronavirus pandemic, the LA Clippers, LA Kings, Los Angeles Lakers and STAPLES Center have joined together to establish a fund to provide financial support to all hourly event staff employees impacted by the suspension of sporting events at STAPLES Center. 
can u get coronavirus through an*l s*x 
Citing the global coronavirus pandemic, a federal judge has blocked a food benefit cut that would have taken effect next month and denied benefits to thousands.  …
My God. | Seattle lab uncovered Washington's coronavirus outbreak only after defying federal regulators  …
working with an incredible group of organizers to pool funds to supply Black folk in NYC with financial support, quarantine supplies or any other support needed related to the coronavirus  
Here's my MSNBC discussion today with @AliciaMenendez about how @BernieSanders' agenda - Medicare for All, paid sick leave, robust unemployment benefits, etc - represents the  way to deal with the coronavirus crisis & other similar threats in the future. 
Coach @SeanPayton joined @BritneyEurton at Oaklawn Park to talk about how Coronavirus could impact free agency in the NFL as well as the  draft. 
Tune in tomorrow to @NBCNews’ @MeetThePress as #MGH President Dr. Peter Slavin goes one-on-one with @chucktodd to discuss the hospital’s response to the unprecedented challenges presented by the #coronavirus. Don’t miss it: Tomorrow at 10:30 a.m. ET from Boston-area channels. 
BREAKING: sen. Chuck Schumer just called on Mitch McConnell to pass the current coronavirus stimulus bill “I am calling on [him] to move this package immediately when we return on Monday — as is.”
Greg Hunt now dressing down @vanOnselenP in what should only be seen as an attempt to silence dissenting views. Facts are, the gov is all over the place in the #coronavirus response ... #Insiders
Dear @MattHancock For the 5th time... Where do you expect a rough sleeper to self-isolate or even wash their hands, when you’ve closed untold public loos? Rough sleepers and drug users not getting coronavirus advice  …
Good read Visualizing the History of #Pandemics  #fintech #insurtech #healthcare @VisualCap #coronavirus 
If the coronavirus doesn’t take you out, can I?
A total of 135 countries & territories have reported confirmed cases of #COVID19. These numbers reflect the latest case count as of 16:00 CET, 14 Mar 2020 from the @WHO #coronavirus dashboard:  
VP @Mike_Pence and the Coronavirus Task Force are doing a fantastic job under tremendous pressure. We appreciate the tireless effort! #MAGA  …
Niggas who used to mix the kava with a pantyhose are immune to the Coronavirus.
YES TO THIS! COULDNT have said it better!! #coronavirus  …
I'm one of 4 per cent that coronavirus might kill. What you do today could save my life  …
Panic buying is frustrating, it is not very British. I was out shopping for elderly neighbours as all local store are empty of essentials. #COVID19 #ukcoronavirus #coronavirus 
ATTENTION: The Coronavirus has been declared a national pandemic The only safe place is my room Dudes: $5 Bad bitches: free Fat bitches: pay your weight
Now they’re hoarding fruit! And vegetables! This is nuts! And it is so selfish! #Hoarding #coronavirus 
Jack Ma says he will donate one million face masks and 500,000 coronavirus testing kits to the US  …
BREAKING: Georgia will delay presidential primary election scheduled for March 24. New date --> May 19. #coronavirus  …
Coronavirus Update: Cumberland County Schools will be closed for students beginning Monday, March 16. This includes the Prime Time Before and After School Program. For more information visit  
Jeremy Corbyn has written to #BorisTheButcher calling for emergency support for people affected by the coronavirus epidemic, including rent deferrals and mortgage holidays, higher statutory sick pay for the gig economy workers & the self employed Corbyn is still the people’s PM 
Coronavirus leading to extreme sanitation measures on the subway. 
BREAKING: Teaneck officials are calling for all residents to self-quarantine and only leave their residences for food and medicine as the township grapples with the most coronavirus cases in Bergen County.  …
i think having a crush on someone is more dangerous than coronavirus
Why it only took one player with coronavirus to shutter sports: 
I SWEAR the "flu" I had over Christmas was coronavirus. Never experienced anything so severe. They weren't testing ANYONE where I live, how would they know whether people had it or not?
Rudy Gobert, NBA player who tested positive for coronavirus after 'carelessness,' donates $500K to relief  …
Donald Trump and his doctor can't even get their lies straight about him having coronavirus  …
This is abhorrent, shameful, and disgusting. My state is mourning our first lost Virginian due to #coronavirus today. But I hope you enjoy your beer.  …
CMO just said virus “doesn’t last more than a few hours” but a wide range of other material suggests it can survive 72 hours. No wonder people are confused and think the government is politicising #coronavirus. #insiders
A total failure to learn from recent history. Selfish & irresponsible behaviour by the @Hillsong. A similar religious cult in Daegu, Korea was responsible for the rapid propagation of #COVID19. #coronavirus  …
“Coronavirus is targeting Chinese, Iranians And Italians” “Coronavirus is targeting old people” “Coronavirus is targeting stock market” "Coronavirus is targeting Toilet Papers" #Coronavirus just enjoying life. 
The Premier League are investigating finishing the season between July and September, delaying the 2020-2021 campaign, in order to solve the many problems caused by the Coronavirus. [ @Independent]
Anti vaxxer Facebook moms = evergreen coronavirus (the kind on Lysol bottles etc, we know about them, hate them, etc) socially selfish instagram buffons = novel coronavirus (a NEW kind of stupid)
The #coronavirus shows us that there is a real economic divide in our country. It's time to take up the #BoostAct. Our residents need economic security  …
The EU Is Abandoning Italy in Its Hour of Need. In a shameful abdication of responsibility, fellow countries in the European Union have failed to give medical assistance and supplies to Italy during an outbreak. China is filling the void. #coronavirus  …
84. Benidorm, closed. Coronavirus warning for tourists in English. They should stay in their hotels. Via 
Fort Bend County man tests positive for coronavirus after testing negative days before 
New coronavirus death in Florida: The Florida Department of Health has confirmed an individual who had previously tested positive for COVID-19 has died. The individual was a 77-year old male in Lee County.
Spain imposes nationwide lockdown amid coronavirus outbreak Read @ANI story |  
To the local journalists out there tiredly covering the coronavirus impact to  reach out with your Venmos. Your next coffee's on me. Thank you for keeping America informed -- especially those in small/medium-sized towns. Much love.
. @David_Speers You were both at the meeting .. with Peter Dutton, are you certain you don't have #Coronavirus? CMO: No-one can be absolutely certain about everything but all of our advice, internationally, is that the peak infectious period is when you have symptoms. 
#Spain: state of emergency "I called Lehendakari Urkullu to assess the best response to the development of the #coronavirus pandemic. We agree we can't accept the seizure of powers in health, security and transport by the #Spanish govt. We need support, not  …
NEW: Vail resorts will close all of its North American resorts from March 15 to March 22 because of Coronavirus. That includes Vail, Keystone, Breck and Beaver Creek 
Tonight ones again all eyes are on President ⁦ @M_Farmaajo⁩ 2 see whether he will sign off on the order to stop Coronavirus affected Khat Airlines from Kenya to protect Somalia. This decision will be impactful on the health and well-being of Somali people and 2021 Elections. 
"Infected people without symptoms might be driving the spread of coronavirus"  …
International panel of medics & public health staff respond to #COVIDー19 pan-epidemic in #Iran Join us live, March 154:00 pm–6:00 pm CET Direct Questions to @iran_policy using hashtag #Coronavirus 
Please share with your Deaf networks- DPAN and I did a COVID-19 (“Coronavirus”) update in American Sign Language (also captioned)  …
#PAGov Tom Wolf has placed SE PA on lockdown due to coronavirus. But the GOP House speaker is refusing to reschedule a special election set for Tuesday in the affected area. How can you hold an election if people can't vote?  …  
Seychelles confirms its first two Coronavirus cases through two Italian tourists.
At the Vigil Mass tonight in New Orleans, everyone is practicing social distancing- but the Mass goes on. #coronavirus 
TRUMP: And nobody thought—did you see Walmart, the stock price? Because Swine Flu was—so, no, we are being congratulated very strongly NY TIMES: “Trump, Defiant, Calls for Unity in Defeating Coronavirus”
I’ve also seen criticism today about the UK’s rate of #Coronavirus testing, criticism which seems to be founded on nonsense. The most recent data shows we are fifth in the world for testing! (As of 9am this morning, our testing figure had risen to 37,746) 
#BREAKING: In a historic announcement, #Vatican officials state that @Pontifex will celebrate #HolyWeek and #Easter without the public. He will continue to livestream his daily Masses. #CatholicTwitter #coronavirus #COVIDー19 
I survived two 49ers Super Bowl losses. I’ll be fine. #coronavirus
Just to recap: -Life-saving coronavirus response legislation has gone to the Senate -It's stuck there, because Republican leadership decided to take the weekend off -Instead of doing his job, @JohnCornyn is making fun of people for  …
Nitrogen dioxide emissions have declined in northern Italy since its coronavirus lockdown, data shows.  …
Debbie Lesko voted AGAINST the Coronavirus Relief Package. Personally, I don't think she should be allowed to vote on stuff till we have a doctor's note saying she's 'dried out'  a "12-Step Program". 
Behold: The candidate for Washington governor most likely to advance past primary with @GovInslee. #coronavirus 
For many, the spread of the coronavirus has caused fear and anxiety. Yet we are grateful that the Bible tells us, “God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind” (2 Timothy 1:7).
British holidaymakers' travel plans have been thrown into disarray after dozens of flights and holidays were cancelled over #coronavirus fears 
me when someone tryna touch my boy parts amid the coronavirus pandemic 
Same in France it's the two last line, i translate :" Coronavirus: we have more than 300 serious cases in intensive care, from which 50% are under 60 years old" 
Shopping be like, no toilet roll, pasta, beans,washing up liquid T_T #coronavirus #COVID_19uk 
Coorey is visibly  with PVO even gently criticizing the government’s handling of coronavirus. #Insiders
Coronavirus protocols no touching , holding , kissing or sniffing strangers. What will Joe Biden do now ?
In hindsight it was very smart for Democratic presidential candidates to spend two weeks debating the influence of vicious online Bernie Bros rather than coronavirus
Where was #MoscowMitch when Nancy was working on the emergency coronavirus bill? Oh, that's right. He took a 3-day weekend vacation with KavaNO.
No one pay rent in April! This is a rent strike. If workers are being screwed over bc coronavirus is negatively impacting their industry and causing layoffs, then they can’t pay rent. If there’s no paid sick leave, ppl have to choose between their health or not being evicted.
Chinese billionaire to send US 500,000 coronavirus test kits, 1 million face masks  
"Coronavirus: Hundreds of scientists accuse government of 'risking lives' over COVID-19 plan" It's Brexit all over again: 99% of the experts say one thing, so the Government does  different. But this time it *will* kill people.  …
When people say #coronavirus is just media hyping something up show them this.  …
In response to the coronavirus pandemic, the LA Clippers, LA Kings, Los Angeles Lakers and STAPLES Center have joined together to establish a fund to provide financial support to all hourly event staff employees (over 2,800) impacted by the suspension of sports events 
A Massachusetts coronavirus cluster with at least 82 cases was apparently started by people who were not yet showing symptoms, and more than half a dozen studies have shown that people without symptoms are causing substantial amounts of infection.  …
While we’re all busy washing our hands, this Hindu group has found a novel way to ward off coronavirus: cow urine  …
Spanish Prime Minister Sanchez confirms Spain to be put on lockdown over coronavirus  
Fake coronavirus test kits seized at Los Angeles airport.  …
I hope India is spared the havoc of coronavirus. But attempting to debunk Jim O’Neill on nationalistic grounds is a sign of hubris. O’Neill is wrong when he praises China for its draconian measures and disregards China for its secrecy which allowed the virus to flourish 1/n  …
Another coronavirus case from someone who was at Mar a Lago. Ground zero  …
Praying for China, South Korea, Iran, Italy, France, Spain, the UAE, the US and the rest of the world. Sadly, it is always hardships that bring us together. The Coronavirus pandemic is a true tragedy, but a tragedy we can learn a lot from.
Here's the latest on the coronavirus: --Spain is in lockdown, joining Italy --France is shutting its cafes --The U.S. is extending its travel ban to include the U.K. 
Hours after NYC reported its first coronavirus death, a second death was reported in a northern suburb. 
There's a lot of talk in the conspiracy sphere about the Wuhan biotech lab. But answer is, why would China infect itself on Chinese new year? Why were China & Iran first hit. Which lab do we know created a Coronavirus that crosses from bats to humans?  …
Here is an update for the @NASA family on the agency’s response to coronavirus (COVID-19):  
You're right @vanOnselenP It IS irresponsible of @ScottMorrisonMP He failed on leadership during the bushfires, now he has failed on leadership during #coronavirus Morrison is NOT fit to lead. Full stop. #auspol #Insiders
Since the first case was confirmed in Spain on January 31, an average of 146 people a day have been infected with coronavirus — now the country is on lockdown  
Hi Twitter. This is Henry's only Friend. A little bit ago he was quarantined in a holding cell unable to contact anyone. To our dismay, it wasn't coronavirus that he tested positive for but the possession of the fattest fucking ballsack in human history.
Christians who aren’t meeting with one another to worship in small groups to watch online services because the fear of getting coronavirus: Ask yourself where your heart is. i think there’s a difference between being responsible + cautious vs being enslaved with fear.
What would happen if the #coronavirus would be visible, for instance, that each carrier of the virus would turn green, pink, or purple. The streets would briefly be jolly colorful, and then be deserted. The virus would soon feel as quarantined as we should be. RT 
But @realDonaldTrump is a racist and a xenophobe Interesting Guatemala bans arrivals from U.S., Canada to fight coronavirus | Article [AMP] | Reuters  …
In response to the coronavirus pandemic, the Clippers, NHL Kings, Lakers and STAPLES Center have joined together to establish a fund to provide financial support to all hourly event staff employees impacted by the suspension of sporting events at STAPLES Center for wages lost.
 to the fight! @intel @IntelGaming #COVID19 #coronavirus  …
Official Announcement: #HrithikRoshan North America Tour | Due to the current state of the global #coronavirus #COVID19 pandemic,evolving travel restrictions, and for everyone's safety, we have decided to postpone the tour. We will be announcing the new dates very soon 
Several teachers and librarians have contacted me, asking for permission to shoot and post videos of themselves reading my books for their students while their school is temporarily closed due to the coronavirus. The answer is YES YES YES! I love it! Please do!
Unless John Bolton is still seeing classified information, there’s no way for him to say whether or not disbanding the NSC’s global health & security unit has hampered the US response to #coronavirus. He knows this, but apparently he’s hoping you don’t.  …
Israel has further tightened coronavirus restrictions, including limiting gatherings to 10 people and closing all leisure and entertainment venues effective Sunday morning.  …
Liberals are still far more of a pain in the ass in this Country than this CoronaVirus #COVIDー19 #CoronaVirusUpdates #ThingsYouShouldHoard
BREAKING: The Premier League are investigating finishing the season between July and September, truncating the 2020-2021 campaign, in order to solve the many problems caused by the Coronavirus. [ @Independent]
imagine for some reason u didn’t know about coronavirus and u walked out and all the streets and supermarkets are empty
Alex Rae has went full looney in the past 12 hours or so, he's no far away from showing up in Italy way a fishing rod and a cooked chicken claiming to be a friend of coronavirus.
Putin signs constitutional change seeing him run for president again This shit right here will panic more dems than Coronavirus! Somebody check on Herman! 
Everyone who stayed home tonight #coronavirus #COVID19 #COVIDー19  …
UVA hospital (and most others I’d assume) are frequently at or near capacity during normal conditions. And it’s not like people are going to stop having heart attacks, strokes, etc. It won’t take very many coronavirus patients to overwhelm a hospital.  …
My friend Alba just went off on this Mask hoarder. When the dust settles I hope we do something as a society to make it abundantly clear that this is not acceptable. #coronavirus #Corvid_19 #COVID19Vancouver #vanpoli #vancouver 
This is the attitude of the @SenateGOP and @JohnCornyn on particular to a #coronavirus pandemic that is currently killing Americans. Calling Cornyn an a$$hole is an insult to a$$holes.  …
BREAKING: Georgia to delay presidential primary due to coronavirus pandemic #gapol  …
I really hope the coronavirus situation ends before Ramadan. So everyone can spend time with their loved ones in peace. May Allah accept our duas and forgive us all. He will always want the best for us. 40 days till Ramadan, Insha’Allah
The coronavirus news has me all down and gloomy. Nothing could possibly cheer me u- 
This is basically if Taylor Sheridan made a Neo-Western about Coronavirus.  …
Chuck Norris tested positive for Coronavirus. The virus was quarantined for 14 days.
I just want to make sure everybody knows and acknowledges that the @BostonGlobe still has its paywall up on #coronavirus stories. The fact that subscribers aren't demanding for it  down shows that they feel the same way about  at large as Globe management. 
BREAKING: Disneyland College Program Comes to an End as Disneyland Closes Due to Coronavirus  
Why outbreaks like coronavirus spread exponentially, and how to “flatten the curve” 
Labour urges government to let people affected by coronavirus defer their rent payments  …
The ABC has a dedicated #coronavirus website with information from health authorities and the latest @abcnews coverage. Please use it: 
My thanks to @LSUfootball's Coach O for doing his part to keep Louisianians healthy & safe as we all tackle the #coronavirus together. Let's all be team players and follow his game plan: Cover your cough w/ your elbow Wash your hands If you're sick, stay home 
It's an act of leadership and courage to voluntarily close for Coronavirus concerns, considering the financial implications for @allsoulsbar. And on St Patrick's Day weekend too. Better believe I will be among their first visitors when they open up again
Yes! We stand together in this public health emergency. Compassionate, Responsible, United #coronavirus  …
How we know Trump was lying when he said ‘I didn’t do it’ and ‘I don’t know anything about’ closing the pandemic office #coronavirus  …
Israel to shut malls, restaurants, hotels to counter coronavirus  
London's homeless handed coronavirus health packs by volunteers 
Students are expressing a range of opinions—and emotions—as colleges and universities across the U.S. take action to help contain the spread of the coronavirus 
I visited some of the tougher areas of Georgia’s District 5 today to make sure that some of our forgotten citizens were equipped for the #coronavirus 
Coronavirus take me now  …
Do you have a question about the Coronavirus on how to keep you and your family safe? Reply with your questions and it may just be answered by @DrMarcSiegel on ‘Justice’ tonight.
He looks like coronavirus
The Coronavirus outbreak will spread rapidly throughout the UK, gaining thousands of new cases and it will result a in lockdown. Schools and businesses will close.
Wait... didn’t Trump Touch and talk closely with a bunch of people after he was exposed to at least two people with coronavirus? This seems odd…  …
One of my main goals during coronavirus coverage is to get your questions answered. Today @foxandfriends I did several segments where I was able to bring viewer questions directly to our team of doctors and get those questions 
Beaumont Royal Oak starts curbside testing for coronavirus  … via @detroitnews Story by ⁦ @SarahRahal_⁩
People have asked me a confirmation if the singing was a joke. It totally wasn't. I worked months to acchieve that. And today I am proud to present my new song about lighnings: This is Finland during Covid19. #covid19 #coronavirus #Finland 
"Almost everyone gets a coronavirus infection at least once in their life, most likely as a young child. In the United States, coronaviruses are  in the fall and winter, but anyone  down with a coronavirus infection at any time."  …
#Covid-19 .. a shaft of light has burst into the Coronavirus darkness in a Dublin Church this weekend. Capuchin brothers threw open a church to feed the homeless & to limit contact. The Capuchin Day Centre would have been too cramped. An open door to God’s house. 
In due time we will discuss Lessons Learned from the #coronavirus. Already now we should realize how vulnerable and interdependent nations are. Most countries have neglected civil defense and disaster preparedness. The virus teaches us that security in the end is human security
#3 in this thread involved an infuriating autocorrect error! This should read RIBOVIRUS, not rhinovirus. Both COVID-19 and 1957 flue are riboviruses. Influenza A is Riboviria, Phylum: Negarnaviricota, and Coronavirus is Riboviria, Phylum: incertae sedis. 22/
If the media said building a wall would prevent the spread of the Coronavirus, we would see a wall from San Diego to Miami in 30 days.
#Coronavirus fatalities in 175 cities in Iran exceeding 4,500 @Maryam_Rajavi: Not releasing prisoners is a great crime against humanity for which Khamenei is responsible, the world should intervene 
Literally my work’s Coronavirus protocol. #COVID19 #COVIDー19 
magic johnson gotta be immune to coronavirus. aids gonna cancel that shit out like PEMDAS
Scientists created a #coronavirus that crosses from Bats-to Humans in 2015, North Carolina. #COVIDー19  
Meanwhile 40 Republicans voted no on coronavirus spending bill  …
Many things have been cancelled because of the coronavirus. Love is not one of them.  … #coronavirus #COVIDー19
With the world is facing a #coronavirus catastrophe, you'd think nations would put geopolitics aside, but no, the U.S and many other of its poodles continue to sanction the life out of #Iran, one of the worst affected countries.
Just spoke with a pastor, we find it ironic/hypocritical that  about churches being cancelled b/c of #coronavirus are often those who easily skip church for youth sports, being hungover, an NFL game, their college football team lost, rain, brunch...whatev!
House Democrats took decisive action by passing the #FamiliesFirst Coronavirus Response Act to help ensure the safety and security of every American. As @TeamPelosi now sends our bill to the Senate, one question looms large over Washington: #WheresMitch?
Proud to help pass the #FamiliesFirst Coronavirus Response Act to ensure: free testing, paid sick leave, paid family & medical leave, enhanced unemployment insurance, strengthened food security programs, and more. Supporting #VA10 families is my  …
Mutes the word Coronavirus. Twitter goes ghost.
We need emergency support for people affected by coronavirus. Including *rent deferrals & mortgage holidays *full sick pay *an end to benefit sanctions And we need to see the scientific evidence for the government taking such a different path to others.  …
So the nation's #coronavirus action is being led by the cabinet who have been exposed to somebody with the virus and are refusing to self isolate. All of these people are reckless themselves but expect everyone else to be meticulous. One rule for them another for us. #insiders
Shoutout Coronavirus for stranding Papa in Malta for 3 weeks more than planned because all flights are cancelled, many FIRE ASS videos  
What we have in the north/NI now is some people following Irish govt advice, some people following UK govt advice, and some people not following any advice. #coronavirus  …
The Left are deeply sick. They are actually celebrating a crisis and the fact people are dying of Coronavirus as it’s an opportunity to spew vile abuse and hate down on Boris and the Government. Never, ever underestimate the nastiness of the Left.
WOW! MSNBC already pushing fake conspiracy theories about Coronavirus and the election! 
Just wait till the next approval #'s. His presidency is over. We just need to get through the next 10 mos w/o this sociopath killing us all through disease, war, financial ruin etc... #Trump #coronavirus  …
Disney will stream “Frozen 2” several months early to give families cooped up by the coronavirus a  distraction. 
love in the time of coronavirus
Berlin joins Cologne in closing bars, clubs as Germany toughens coronavirus response  
By the time Egyptian health authorities learned of coronavirus case on the Nile cruise ship, infections had spread around the world. Late Jan, Taiwanese American passenger on the MS Asara was carrying #coronavirus.  …
Banks and big businesses are making demands for massive funds to protect them from the crisis. We'd better start making our demands. We're not doing 2008 again - trillions for the banks and cuts for us #Coronavirus
I mean...“People just show up in the Oval and spout off ideas,” said a former senior administration official briefed on the coronavirus discussions. “He’ll either shoot down ideas or embrace ideas quickly. It’s an ad hoc free-for-all with different advisers just spitballing.”
The only people who could possibly side with government on this are not receiving emails from students afraid to go to class. Some of those emails brought me to tears. So #@!%&@! to that. Universities rapped by government over coronavirus 'closures'  …
RNC Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel advised to seek coronavirus test after experiencing symptoms  
BREAKING: @JeremyCorbyn has written to the PM calling for emergency support for people affected by the coronavirus epidemic, including rent deferrals & mortgage holidays, higher statutory sick pay from day one, &  protection for insecure, low-paid & self-employed workers. 
There’s only one question now in sports as the pandemic spikes: “When? When does  back?” Why I think the real world’s experience with Coronavirus implies we should presume it will be a long time: at best in July, August, September. From today’s @OTLonESPN #coronavirus 
"Hi. We saw you briefly glance at our phone number in the yellow pages in 1995, and we'd like to send you this email about how we are are dealing with coronavirus."
Officials: 6 students test positive for #coronavirus after Nova Southeastern University study abroad trip to Ireland  …
There are now 2,572 #coronavirus cases in the U.S. It was 1,714 yesterday, 1,297 two days ago, and 539 a week ago.  
Fake coronavirus test kits seized at Los Angeles airport  …
Kassam did more work than @CPAC to spot possible coronavirus victims @mattgaetz learned of it as soon as AF1 took off. So he self-quarantined from Trump @GOPChairwoman didn’t learn of it & was on AF1 with POTUS but didn’t  …
A good chunk of the country just watched Zinedine Zidane headbutt Marco Materazzi... #Coronavirus  …
seems everybodys getting infected except me damn bro even the coronavirus don't want me
Today is Bob Shellard’s 67th anniversary with his wife, Nancy. Due to coronavirus precautions, Nancy’s nursing home is not allowing visitors inside right now...so Bob paid a visit from outside Nancy’s window!  – at NBC Connecticut
@ScottMorrisonMP Still no Lockdown? Italy has warned us to lock down the country. If you lock it down with a low count we hopefully won't have to worry when you lock it down when it's too late like you would normally do. #lockusdown #australia #coronavirus
Even for Devin Nunes, this is embarrassing. But it goes to show how desperate Trumpers are to displace the blame they deserve for failing to act on Coronavirus. Maybe a little more action (like the  back to vote on aid) & less of this lie-peddling.  …
The @nycgov - We have shut down the offices of the Department of Education due to #coronavirus Also @nycgov - Schools will be open and #teachers will be expected to be at work on Monday.
Only 36% of Britons trust Boris Johnson on coronavirus, poll finds  …
Australia is getting almost five times the number of new coronavirus cases that China is getting, but don’t worry! We’re not in lockdown. #COVIDー19 
The spread of coronavirus requires "political as well as scientific judgements". @jeremycorbyn's letter to Boris Johnson calling for more emergency financial support for people  …
Despite novel coronavirus spreading to every continent except Antarctica, it is Asians throughout the world who have been the subject of reported harassment and attacks. 
Now that China and Iran have openly accused the US of using #COVIDー19 as a biological weapon. It is now safer to approach the question without being censored. Watch my feed. #coronavirus 
Coronavirus illustrates perfectly why Brexit is such an arrogant, stupid idea: -we have less money to fund the NHS -fewer nurses and doctors because of hostile environment -we're withdrawing from joint early warning -making academic research collaboration harder -lost EMA
Gyms Not Closing for Coronavirus, Step Up Cleaning 
Thanks, @MrWednesday11 for putting all those “moments” in a thread. Here is the Administratikns lies and failures on #coronavirus since day one.  …
Add @JohnCornyn to this list #EpicFailGOP @GOP #GOP #coronavirus #COVIDー19 #CoronavirusPandemic 
The House acted fast to help Americans affected by the coronavirus. But that help isn’t on the way yet because Mitch McConnell is taking a long weekend. Let’s help him extend it permanently an
I visualized confirmed Coronavirus cases by country in rice with the latest numbers from the CDC. 
If coronavirus keeps pace in the US the way it has elsewhere, we’re going to need a massive stimulus. Student loan payments should be suspended. Mortgage payments should be suspended. Paid sick leave should be guaranteed. EITC and SNAP should both be drastically expanded.
Do you think @WellsFargo should offer a mortgage holiday to their customers who have been laid off as a result of the #coronavirus???
My absolute favorite bar in DC, @allsoulsbar, announces that they are closing until the Coronavirus situation calms down. "The very thing we do is bring people together and right now that seems like a bad idea, especially with booze involved. Please be careful out there." 
i've heard the word coronavirus in the past week more than i've heard any other word in my life 
Spain orders nationwide lockdown over coronavirus  …
Rasmussen poll has Trump at 49% approval. Smack dab in the middle of the coronavirus. At this point, you have a better chance of being run down by a toilet-paper hoarder's grocery cart than by the coronavirus. Take precautions, people, yes. But get a grip, for God's sake. 
The media manipulation of Coronavirus and YOU!  …
Coronavirus Fatalities in 175 Cities Exceeded 4,500 in #Iran  … @NCRIUS @AP @ReutersIran @Reuters @AFP @SecPompeo @VP
Norway to close ports, airports from Monday to stop coronavirus: PM  
NEW #’s from Washington State Department of Health—- 642 confirmed #coronavirus cases, across 16 counties. 40 deaths. The number has grown from—- Wednesday: 366 Cases Thursday: 457 Cases Friday: 568 Cases @KING5Seattle
#BREAKING - Guyana confirms its 2nd coronavirus case; the husband of the deceased coronavirus patient has tested positive for the virus; he has been placed in full quarantine; his wife passed away earlier this week 
In January, health experts were hoping that the coronavirus outbreak might stay contained. That is no longer a possibility. Here's are several ways it could end, from a potential nightmare scenario, to a natural slowdown in transmission, to a vaccine. 
If impeachment was a hoax and coronavirus is a hoax, what's the issue here?  …
During the coronavirus outbreak, we must think about protecting our most vulnerable populations, says Helen Chen, chief medical officer at the Harvard-affiliated Hebrew SeniorLife  …
Chinese Tycoon Who Criticized Xi’s Response to Coronavirus Has Vanished Uh, Oh!  …
I'm amazed some people at this stage actually buy the "black people are immune to Coronavirus" line.  NBA players & Callum Hudson-Odoi has it? Hate to break it to you but Covid-19 doesn't judge by the colour of your skin but the content of your respiratory system.
Well done to @SAHealth and @theTiser Sunday Mail for producing a definitive COVID-19 guide to keep South Australians informed about #coronavirus developments. By working together as  we can help minimise the impacts on our loved ones and our economy. 
You know what I saw today, Joy? Russell Wilson working his lower body on Twitter during his Coronavirus quarentine. You think Baker Mayfield was in the gym? Huh? He was probably on Tik Tok doing dances. Russell’s hard a worker, Baker‘s a hard twerker itstheherd.  …
Let us all continue to pray for our nations first responders. Staying home is not an option for our dedicated public servants. @FWPOA @CLEAT @NatPoliceAssoc No days off for police departments during coronavirus outbreak - ABC News via @ABC 
For 3 years I’ve railed against America First, criticizing it as America Alone. That still holds, but now, w the #coronavirus crisis, when  to testing and messaging, I’d gladly take America First over America Last. Delay & denial has turned a challenge into a catastrophe.
Jared Kushner’s ‘haphazard and helter-skelter’ coronavirus response revealed by The Washington Post  …
Danny Green discusses Rudy Gobert and the effects of the coronavirus in the NBA in a FaceTime interview with @TaylorRooks 
If Robert Peston's latest blog is true then Downing Street is kite-flying its coronavirus 'strategy' using  media figure. Reckless doesn't begin to describe it. Hopefully the Scottish Govt has a fallback strategy in place should Boris start behaving erratically.
meanwhile my friend in Korea says he can go down his street get tested for coronavirus for only $5. "it's like corona mcdonald's here"
So, #FoxNews & #FoxBusiness , who claim to be fair & balanced, suspend #TrishRegan & #Kennedy for practicing what they preach! Calling out #FakeNews ,azzholes like @Acosta & trying to stifle hysteria is now punishable ! #SaturdayThoughts #COVID19 #coronavirus 
According to CNN Health’s tally of US cases that are detected and tested in the United States through US public health systems, there are 2655 cases in 49 states, DC and U.S. territories, bringing the total number of coronavirus cases to 2,655 in total. 56 people have died.
Does the Coronavirus Crisis Have to End with a Wealthier Wealthy? -  via @commondreams
My family is OUT of toilet paper. Visited 37 stores/markets/ since Thursday. Finally found some toilet paper almost an hour away from my house. These packs are the last they had. *Special thanks to the panic-stricken morons who are buying more than they need #Coronavirus 
Josh Frydenberg was tested for coronavirus the day before this photo was taken, and was waiting on his results (intel via @BelindaJones68) Do the parents of these kids know the Treasurer was this blasé about their families’  …
The coronavirus is impacting the league in various ways. While self isolating in my apartment - I caught up with Danny Green to discuss topics surrounding the pandemic and the NBA. Full video on @bleacherreport 
Spain will impose partial coronavirus lockdown: PM  
there’s only one person who can possibly stop the coronavirus in its tracks 
Unlike ISIS or the Luftwaffe, the coronavirus does not care whether you act scared or strong. It feeds on 'carrying on'  …
Does anyone seriously believe he'll "admit" he has the coronavirus if he tests positive? If yes, what on earth makes you think he'll be honest about this one thing -- one thing that'd make the financial markets hit that -13% threshold?
Portland distillery is making free hand sanitizer for customers amid coronavirus shortage  
It’s a travesty that my wife, a pediatric oncology and bone marrow transplant nurse at @nyphospital who is currently bed-ridden and feverish, has no easy route to get a #coronavirus/ #covid19 test. A demonstration of how woefully broken our system is at the moment.
Why Are So Many Baby Boomers In Denial Over the Coronavirus? By  …
I'm confident China, Vietnam, Singapore, Cuba, Italy, Germany, Ireland, France, Spain, and some other countries, will get over coronavirus. UK & US though? I honestly think the ramifications from the deliberately poor mismanagement will haunt both nations for decades 
Young and Unafraid of the Coronavirus Pandemic? Good for You. Now Stop Killing People | Opinion - good read  …
Coronavirus: Scientists say UK virus strategy is 'risking lives' . I’m no virologist - but I understand enough to be very concerned about this approach . Please read and RT  …
no one: countries affected by the coronavirus: 
El Pasoans Fighting Hunger needs volunteers, donations to feed senior citizens losing lunch services because of coronavirus emergency.  …
UPDATE: There are now 40 coronavirus deaths in Washington State. More than 600 confirmed cases. 
OK, I officially don't feel good and it feels like a little cold, BUT WHO THE HELL KNOWS!!! Coronavirus is spreading like wildfire. The only place I've been is the grocery store and the pet store to stock up on dog food.
This Coronavirus got me second guessing my own normal breathing
Here is the list of flights that have been tied to infected Albertans. Anyone who was on board and in the affected areas is urged to self-quarantine, no matter if they have symptoms or not. #yeg #yyc #ableg #coronavirus 
coronavirus 2020: turns out everything is fake  …
Ren Zhiqiang's  amid a far-reaching campaign by China's Communist Party to quash criticism of its slow, secretive initial response to the coronavirus epidemic 
USA: Washington State reporting 642 cases of #COVID19 #Coronavirus with 40 fatalities  …
The CDC has declared the Mar-a-lago Resort a coronavirus hotspot and it should be avoided. Anyone who has been at the resort in the past month should be tested immediately and self isolate.
As New Yorkers work to fight the coronavirus crisis delivery orders at restaurants are surging. If you are able, please help small businesses by ordering from them *directly* so that they don't have to pay fees and surcharges to app based delivery services.
South Sligo man Mike Ryan is heading up the World Health Organisation’s (WHO) fight against coronavirus. The Curry man, based in Geneva, is Executive Director with WHO #Coronavirusireland 
Defying #coronavirus ban, hundreds of ' #YellowVests' protest in #Paris  
Chinese Tycoon Who Criticized Xi’s Response to Coronavirus Has Vanished  …
So my hours got cut at work because of coronavirus panic, and I would be very grateful for any purchase on  so that my finances don’t implode.
Coronavirus cases have risen by more than 1,500 in less than 24 hours, according to the Spanish health ministry  …
Roche says they have 400,000 #coronavirus testing kits now available for the U.S. and can manufacture 1.5 million kits per month.   …
The scenes from Temple Bar tonight could leave the Government with little option but to call them on pubs opening before St Patrick’s Day bank holiday. #coronavirus  …
CVS Health, Walgreens, Walmart, and Target are dedicating parking lots and other temporary areas outside of their drugstores across the country to test for the coronavirus strain COVID-19  
21 Savage doesn’t believe he has coronavirus, others disagree.  
#HealthWorkers, avoid using unhelpful coping strategies such as tobacco, alcohol or other drugs. These can worsen your mental and physical wellbeing.  #COVID19 #coronavirus 
Impact of Coronavirus, a few volunteers down at the @GlassDoorLondon night shelter in Barnes tonight, so I’m happy to be able to help out. Big shout out to my brilliant friend Lucy who regularly cooks for those in need at the shelter & the super fun dedicated team of 
“The group, specialising in a range of disciplines, ranging from mathematics to genetics, though no leading experts in the science of the spread of diseases......” Coronavirus: Scientists say UK virus strategy is 'risking lives'  …
ABC journalist Mary Lloyd is in the middle of chemotherapy, and with her immunity low she is imploring you to do your bit to stop coronavirus spreading.  …
Oakland moms led the way: @moms4housing #LA #homeless #Caltrans8 #coronapocalypse #coronavirus  …
I can't even understand working together at the White House. Let Pence work out of the Observatory, or even Blair House, and join briefings etc by video conference. The risk to the entire coronavirus task force, at this point, also seems undue.
It was very uplifting & touching to hear Ambassador Deborah  during today's coronavirus task force when she mentioned supporting #HIV long-term survivors. Thank you Dr. Birx for serving in this role & for  to serving people w/ HIV/AIDS. @StateDept 
A lot of high-profile figures have  on large pub crowds includ: @SimonHarrisTD @HMcEntee @CMOIreland Dr Tony Holohan FF @MichealMartinTD SF @MaryLouMcDonald It seems it will soon be a case of act responsibly or you won't have the choice. #coronavirus #covid19
'Don't believe the numbers you see': Johns Hopkins professor says up to 500,000 Americans have #coronavirus: Thank you to our/Canada's #Liberal government for putting our health first! #cdnpoli  …
Listen to my country under lockdown clapping from their balconies and windows to thank all the health workers fighting against #coronavirus  …
Blue checkmarks celebrating the spread of coronavirus ... SMH. 
Whilst its the best time to be apart we must stick together. -Listen to the experts -Avoid mass gatherings -Respect social distancing -Wash hands -Look after neighbours -Check on elderly -Reassure children -Exercise outside -Respect the health care staff #coronavirus
These are tough times in our world with the coronavirus, and we hope you may all find solace in listening to Friends of the Force! Healthy wishes to you and loved ones. Let’s spread some positivity today by asking: What is your favorite moment in all of Star Wars? Reply below. 
Political pundits still pushing debunked lies about coronavirus, Trump & the global response. We call out the bulldust next on 
A basic point to repeat: everyone in the US is at greater risk because we lack universal health care and threaten immigrants who use public services with deportation. Coronavirus: Why systemic problems leave the US at risk  …
The country's 122 federal prisons and many of the 1,700-plus state prisons have banned visitors and volunteers, hoping to prevent potentially disastrous coronavirus outbreaks among prisoners and staff in close quarters where disease can easily spread 
Trump: Google's data algorithm will help us solve the coronavirus Google algorithm: 
500,000 coronavirus test kits, 1 million masks to be given to US by Chinese billionaire Jack Ma  
Just witnessed a Facebook friend go from “Not scared of this hoax” To “Extremely concerned but not panicked”. “It’s  so real since I work at a nursing facility”. Today it is #coronavirus. 10 years from now it will be climate change.
Is it just my imagination or is there a real lack of news about any Russian coronavirus statistics?
While we are in Quarantine, let’s have a bit of a party right? Let’s have fun! We don’t need to let this Coronavirus control everything! We can have streaming parties and do random projects for @BTS_twt  them and us during this time! Shall we be even more annoying AMI?
What an awful screw up. Thank you @realdonaldtrump. Coronavirus update: Minnesota cases climb to 21 — Gov. Walz calls out feds for lack of tests  … via @pioneerpress
#Superstore Cuts Season Short Due to Coronavirus Pandemic — Will America Ferrera's Amy Get a Proper Farewell?  …
Breaking: Mayor of Teaneck, New Jersey, calls for all residents to self-quarantine due to the coronavirus. There are currently 18 cases in the city of 40,000. 
Coronavirus Update 
#FoxNews on the weekend is unwatchable. Poor John Gray had to rip into Arthel Neville for trying politicize Rudy Gobert having access to a coronavirus test. Such an embarrassing display of ignorance on this once proud network. Sad!
A bill to provide relief for Coronavirus passed the House last night. It's sitting on Mitch McConnell’s desk, waiting for a vote. The President has already said he will sign it. Michiganders and the nation can’t wait for solutions. The Senate should have passed it by now.
#Trump admin. #coronavirus testing rate slammed by @SenatorDurbin  … via @amjoyshow
Three Maryland Coronavirus Patients Make Full Recovery  via @BreitbartNews
#boristhebutcher In an open letter, a group of 229 scientists from UK universities say the government's current approach will put the NHS under additional stress and "risk many more lives than necessary". #COVID19 #coronavirus  …
Trump discovers that the coronavirus is immune to spin, “alternative facts,” self-serving puffery, and his disdain for science. #reality  
The Chinese government is trying to pass the buck on coronavirus, and we simply can't let them get away with that. "The understandable desire to avoid unfairly scapegoating" shouldn't prevent us from calling a spade, a spade. 
People act like Coronavirus is worse than it is less because they are afraid and more because they want it to be a more serious problem. So they can live out their apocalypse fantasies and have something substantial  about.
40 House Republicans voted Against the emergency paid sick leave legislation  coronavirus pandemic. Mitch McConnell & GOP Senate are taking the weekend off. Why do Republicans hate us so much? Will you Remember in November and Vote Blue? #COVIDー19 #CoronaVirusUpdates
If expertise on coronavirus is determined by follower count I can't wait for Rihanna to wade in windmilling.  …
#BREAKING France is shutting down all restaurants, cafes, cinemas and non-essential retail shops, as the coronavirus continues to spread 
'Don't believe the numbers you see': Johns Hopkins professor says up to 500,000 Americans have #coronavirus  …
This is lighting my timeline up and it's getting on my nerves. To be clear: there is no evidence whatsoever that ibuprofen, NSAIDs, and other anti-inflammatories increase susceptibility to #SARSCoV2 #HCoV19 #COVID19 #coronavirus.  …
you don't have to be Agamben to wonder why all the great press China's getting for its coronavirus suppression techniques doesn't mention how they were developed and tested for its genocidal prison state in Xinjiang
COMING UP: @KathyParkNBC reports on coronavirus testing across the country. She's in New Rochelle, NY - an area hard-hit by the virus. The city now has its own mobile testing site. Join us tonight on @NBCNightlyNews for 
Everyone is panicking about the coronavirus but when the day of  you will see the real panic
It's the fear of Coronavirus That is our threat. Not the virus itself ... Which will soon be revealed to be a Dud.
Article by Peston is quite frankly despicable. He is using Coronavirus to literally scare the elderly and disabled shitless. Two groups that have taken the brunt of government policies and are already fearful, do not need this shit spewed by Peston  …
WH Press Corps: Why aren't you being tested? Trump: I got tested. WH Press Corps: Why did you get tested? Trump: "Because the press is going crazy." #coronavirus
#Coronavirus in Canada: Federal, provincial and municipal governments are urging Canadians to not travel outside the country. If you are outside the country, they are urging you  back as quickly as possible - while flights are available. #cdnpoli @SteveNilesCBC 
Everyone crowding bars and restaurants #FlattenTheCurve #coronavirus 
Ways to stay busy while avoiding exposure to coronavirus: 1. Read a book 2. Have a snack 3. Learn a language 4. Play with your dog 5. Have a snack 6. Take a bath 7. Have a snack in the bath 8. Call a friend 9. Buy snacks online 10. Reward your productive day with a snack
Virginia has reported its first death due to coronavirus  …
