I need be quarantined. Not because of coronavirus or any infectious conditions. Im just super annoying
A resident of Rep. Matt Gaetz’s district died of coronavirus shortly after Gaetz mocked the virus response on the House floor.  … via @politicususa
A CPAC attendee has tested positive for the Coronavirus. This was an event attended by Trump & Pence, along with FL’s freakish Matt Gaetz— & by tons of anti-vaxxers. Trump promised that test kits are available for anyone who needs them. Let’s just see.  …
Did You Know... The United Nations World Economic Forum World Health Org Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation CDC From US & China Vaccine Manufacturers Central Banks & the Media Held A #Coronavirus Simulation Right Before the Actual Coronavirus Outbreak?  …
how did you stop biting your nails, asking because coronavirus
. MAGA HEALTH - INFECTIOUS DISEASE DOCTOR / TRUMP ACTING 'DILIGENTLY' Dr. Dan O'Brien, Public Heath and Infectious Disease Specialist, on Trump's Handling of Coronavirus - Trump has acted 'Very Diligently' . OAN Report >  …
Priests performed a ritual yesterday at Kinpusen-ji in Nara, to pray for an early end to the coronavirus epidemic.  
The first case of coronavirus has been confirmed in Washington, D.C., according to Mayor Muriel Bowser. How long will it be before Trump flees to Mar A Lago?  …
Many experts, including me, have rightfully criticized Trump for his INACTION in response to the #CoronavirusOutbreak. Trump has called such criticisms a “hoax,” and has repeatedly downplayed the seriousness of the #coronavirus.
FACT CHECK: Pres. Trump is falsely blaming the Obama administration for the slow rollout of U.S. tests for the new coronavirus—ignoring his administration’s own fumbles in responding to the health crisis and mischaracterizing Obama-era policies. 
Is this why the @CDCDirector declined the @WHO ‘s working test kits to develop their own (faulty) ones ? Deadly Profits: @realDonaldTrump Could Profit From Coronavirus Testing - by ⁦ @girlsreallyrule⁩ via  …
POLL TIME: What paranoid apocalyptic narrative will the media play up for coronavirus next week?
Due to the Coronavirus, this is how I’ll be taking the stairs from now on...  …
Given coronavirus fears, more people should know about the Corrupted Blood bug in World of Warcraft that caused player chars to be infected with a killing debuff that soon spread to other players Epidemiologists actually STUDIED this to see how ppl would react to an epidemic irl
"Governments can either minimize #coronavirus deaths or the economic impact but not both." In US economic impacts significant if overwhelmed hospital systems. Early NPI's needed.  …
Planning on using Coronavirus to cancel all plans well into 2021.
“coronavirus mostly affects older people, i don’t know why you’re panicking” me: 
Oh, really @WHO, you’re still spouting nonsense without any proof & expecting us to believe that #Wuhan, city of 11MM people, in China run by a vicious Chinese DICTATOR, Xi, has #Coronavirus contained & that they’ve done a great job. China only has govt controlled media. Hello???
Bernie's going to try to make the news or do something. Shoot himself in the foot--literally, be sick, Jane will have the Coronavirus, be attacked on stage, he'll think of something--but the end is near.
Not only was Azar already lying about coronavirus testing three weeks ago; he was lying to Congress. And officials had begged him not to.  …
Seems from this the decree will be out some time tonight or tomorrow, barring outward travel etc. How many came into Dublin from there in the last three days? ‘Coronavirus: Milan set for lockdown with Italy poised to shut worst-hit region’  …
If a lot of people die due to coronavirus then housing supply will increase as rates decrease. Probably a good time to get a real estate agent license just in case.  …
Trump, Pence Attended CPAC — Where An Attendee Tested Positive For Coronavirus  …
Since the coronavirus bouta kill us all, who’s tryna fuck???
China has an infantry of Stormtroopers disinfecting whole cities #COVID19 #coronavirus 
A resident of Rep. Matt Gaetz’s district died of coronavirus shortly after Gaetz mocked the virus response on the House floor.  … via @politicususa
I pulled the single most masterful parallel parking job this evening just a block from the Wilson Building, where @MayorBowser is going to give us details on the first positive Coronavirus case in the city. A couple stopped just to congratulate me for the parking job.
Doctors slam health minister for ‘cheap shot’ at GP who tested positive for coronavirus  … You expect something other than a "cheap shot" from an Australian politician? #vicpol
Top federal health officials on Saturday said they don't know how many people in the U.S. have been tested for coronavirus — or how many will need to be in  weeks.  via @politico
Donald Trump attended the CPAC conference where at least one person has tested positive for Coronavirus. I wonder if that person touched this flag. 
Since it’s sounding more and more like all of us are going to be exposed to the #coronavirus, do you know anyone who has tested positive and been through it? Just wondering what it feels like for the otherwise healthy adult...
Here is an excellent article on how Coronavirus can infect lungs and cause much damage. I found the diagrams helpful! Facts about novel coronavirus and how to prevent COVID-19  …
My mom is giving me great tips to avoid the Coronavirus and very frequently which is helpful.
the coronavirus got me singing happy birthday while washing my hands
Human behavior is shitty. People will not actually “self quarantine”. They must be monitored. Period. #coronavirus #CoronavirusUSA
Italy's government plans to place large parts of the north in coronavirus lockdown as Italian cases soared past 200 on Saturday and the Vatican announced Pope Francis's Angelus prayer would be livestreamed: AFP news agency #coronavirus  …
BBC News - Coronavirus: Italy to 'quarantine 10 million people' in Lombardy  …
Newspaper headlines: UK 'plans for the worst' amid coronavirus outbreak 
Fact check: It does not #coronavirus  …
"A vaccine sold to farmers to keep calves healthy...warding off you guessed it, THE CORONAVIRUS. How the masses play into mass hysteria, because the media told them so." ~~ Connie H. 
The @Surgeon_General speaks out on the coronavirus, saying “good old fashioned hand washing” is the best way to prevent the coronavirus, in an interview for our 20/20 special with @DavidMuir and @DrJAshton.  
Supercut of all the times Mick “turn off your TVs to avoid coronavirus” Mulvaney touched his mouth and face at CPAC last week (a CPAC attendee has tested positive for coronavirus) 
An attendee at last week’s Conservative Political Action Conference has tested positive for the coronavirus, the American Conservative Union confirmed Saturday  …
GOP Rep Matt Gaetz wore a gas mask to mock the coronavirus fears. Now one of his constituents died from it. Gaetz should resign.
this coronavirus really makes me question how many people were actually practicing proper basic hygiene prior to the outbreak
Now that one of their own contracted Coronavirus, Republicans will fear it like Spanish Flu, SARS & Ebola wrapped into one.  …
There are 19 million people in New York. Only 76 have #coronavirus. #calmdown
"Tax cuts won't stop the coronavirus, well-funded public health services will" via @TheHillOpinion  
When you’re in #Australia amid #coronavirus hysteria and you get the best birthday present ever The cheer was the best! #toiletpaperpanic #ToiletPaperApocalypse 
Tfw when whites survive a coronavirus outbreak because of social atomization and Jews are wiped out because of their internal networking and strong social ties to each other.
Catch me and world reknown @DrOz for a very special “Outnumbered Overtime: Coronavirus Outbreak”. I’m dedicating my hour to answering viewer questions. With @NBSaphierMD @SeemaCMS @DrMarcSiegel we will tackle FEAR With FACTS! TUNE IN Monday March 9th at 1pm ET #outnumberedot 
Trump truly thinks HE is the biggest victim of the coronavirus. That is how truly deranged and mentally ill he is.
Remember how in 2014 Tony Abbott thought it was important to spend $243 MILLION replacing secular staff with school chaplains??!!! In order to push his religious agenda?! Money well spent? Good economic managers, eh? #auspol #coronavirus  …
To be clear, everyone is entitled to their feelings and interpretation of lived experiences, however I am also entitled to  baffled by them if posted on twitter in conjunction with a novel coronavirus
Italy set to quarantine Lombardy over coronavirus 
1) Rush Limbaugh says that smoking isn't a health hazard. Gets lung cancer. 2) Flat Earther dies in rocket launch trying to verify that Earth is flat. 3) Republicans cut CDC funding. CPAC attendee tests positive for coronavirus. Cause and effect: It's real.
Over 50,000 people have recovered from coronavirus around the world, according to Johns Hopkins  …
How to treat coronavirus 1. Don't spill your beer 2. Drink more beer 3. What were we talking about?
yeah i am NOT getting the coronavirus  …
China Cannot Explain Deaths of 'Cured' Coronavirus Patients. Death of 36-yr-old Li Liang prompted clinics across the city to stop discharging patients, while hospitals in other parts of China are reporting an unsettling number of relapses and re-infections 
Told he’s not to interact with other people for at least two  introvert and natural recluse realizes coronavirus quarantine is the moment he’s been training for all his life. 
all those Republicans in DC calling it a hoax are definitely running over to their doctor to get tested for #coronavirus right now #CPAC
A California man who died of the novel coronavirus brought it onboard the Grand Princess cruise ship, officials said, suggesting the virus has been in the state much longer than originally believed.  …
Melanoma has announced she is headed to Seattle  Coronavirus patients. Just kidding...she couldn’t care less about the welfare of Americans. She has a tennis court to build at the White House 
NEW - Coronavirus  to Kansas, as Gov. Kelly announces state's first case, a woman under 50 who lives in Johnson County  …
Voi helvetti taas tätä touhua Airlines are burning thousands of gallons of fuel flying empty 'ghost' planes so they can keep their flight slots during the coronavirus outbreak  …
IMPORTANT If you are experiencing symptoms of #Coronavirus or have questions, call the Novel Coronavirus Hotline 1-888-364-3065. If you want to report price-gouging of consumer products related to cleaning and hygiene supplies, call 1-800-697-1220. Wash your hands!
BREAKING: First case of coronavirus confirmed in Washington D.C.
Matt Gaetz made light of coronavirus by wearing a gas mask. Now one of his constituents has died. 
Has the coronavirus selloff created a stock-buying opportunity, or is it too early? Here’s what analysts and strategists are advising 
Due to widespread testing and aggressive controls, China continues to report great progress in controlling their local coronavirus epidemic. Now, China has begun taking steps to reduce restrictions in the less affected provinces and return to a more normal level of activity. 
This says governments can either minimise #coronavirus deaths or the economic impact but not both. Needed: quarantine, stopping mass gatherings, closure of educational institutions or places of work where infection has been identified, isolation of households, towns, and cities.  …
Oh fuck. CPAC attendee tested positive for coronavirus  …
Respiratory droplets on a "fomite": The @WHO has announced a key manner for the #coronavirus to spread from person to person 
A former Denmark football international recently traveled to Amsterdam where he contracted coronavirus. 
Possible foreshadowing for what could happen in America: The Italian government is planning to lock down Lombardy, a region of 10 million people - a sweeping and perhaps frantic effort to try and contain the - #coronavirus epidemic
I like to pretend that coronavirus is the reason why I'm not dating.
The Trump administration is deploying a crisis response military unit to the southern border with Mexico. The move was made this week due to the uncertainty over the coronavirus and its key asylum process.  …
BREAKING: Johnson County woman is Kansas' 1st case of coronavirus  …
Checking on coronavirus numbers periodically  …
Apparently someone at CPAC had coronavirus. I shook hands with dozens of people there. Used about 9 different microphones doing interviews. Was wading through dense crowds of people. RIP me. At least my Twitter takes will always live on. Please remember me by my takes.
Kansas presumptive positive coronavirus case  …
Keeping an eye on the #coronavirus situation by using @vRealizeOps dashboards weblink capability. #vROps 
Today, I had the opportunity to hold a press briefing at the @WhiteHouse to provide updated information about the current state of diagnostic testing during this #coronavirus public health emergency.  
The only thing that can stop the Coronavirus 
The @smh have republished my editorial for @Quillette on coronavirus  …
Another person w/ #coronavirus who chose to fly while sick. This woman flew from London to US (Nebraska) two days after she fell ill in the UK. I hope she survives. I hope also she didn't spread it to anyone else on her flight.  …
It was gut wrenching to see Liz Warren and other leading female candidates for president drop out ... we need women in power now more than ever with the #Coronavirus crisis calling for calm not chaos and science not stigma. Democrats must nominate a woman for VP in 2020. 
Brief thread Over the next few days or weeks, there will be more reports of "exposure" to a #Covid19 #coronavirus patient. As with much else about this infection, we do not know a lot about risk, but we have some info and it is worth keeping in mind. 1/x  …
The number of #coronavirus cases in New York increased by 102% TODAY. It was 44 this morning; now we’re at 89.
He #coronavirus #COVID19 #CoronavirusUSA #CoronaVirusUpdate #CoronaVirusUpdates #Coronavirusflorida you will not kill me today. If I die before #2020Elections I want my vote for @realDonaldTrump @POTUS. I pray I stay alive long enough to vote for 
Walk it off. CPAC attendee tested positive for coronavirus  …
Taleb says  on coronavirus panic being ‘dumb’ is what’s dumb  …
if coronavirus has taught us anything it’s that nothing is more contagious, or profitable, than fear.
The Warriors announced Steph has the seasonal flu and "has no specific risk factors" for coronavirus  
BREAKING: First coronavirus case confirmed in DC. I guess Trump was lying when he said this was all going to slow down. Who woulda thunk it? Oh. Everyone.
I can’t take anyone serious that’s freaked out over the coronavirus
An attendee at CPAC, a conference for conservative activists held in late February outside Washington, D.C., has tested positive for coronavirus, the American Conservative Union said 
Follow this thread for local and global updates on the novel coronavirus, officially named as COVID-19  
Uhhh. Am I the only one who's aware that coronavirus has  symptoms similar to cold/flu and even presents often as asymptomatic???
This is classic. White house staff were exposed to someone with the coronavirus at a political meeting. All while telling the country the virus was contained. I hope you're listening #MAGA. You're being played  …
I’m seriously confused where people got the idea that toilet paper is the solution to Coronavirus? There is no shortage. You don’t need to fight for it. Everyone can calm down.
The American Conservative Union announced on Saturday that one of the attendees at last week's Conservative Political Action Conference has tested positive for coronavirus.  …
#CoronaVirus UPDATE Europe + USA : 5883 : 949 : 800 : 500 : 434 : 264 : 209 : 161 : 188 : 156 : 169 : 79 : 66 : 50 : 27 : 21 19 19 19 16 13 12 10 6 5 5 3 2 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
I sadly no longer trust any  from @CDCgov @CDCemergency @CDC_eHealth or any agency that is showing even an appearance of impropriety re essential information about #coronavirus from this US sycophantic, pathetically unprepared, profits over lives administration.
Wow. AFL-CIO just cancelled a presidential forum next week in Orlando with @BernieSanders and @JoeBiden, citing coronavirus concerns
Just want to say that I think all of the candidates who are going out to campaign as the #coronavirus spreads are incredibly brave to do so, but I hope if it gets very bad they will protect themselves and hunker down. I’d rather have healthy candidates than big rallies.
No one is gloating. Those CPAC attendees listened to how #coronavirus is Democratic hoax. Now they might be carriers with no symptoms exposing others. It’s not funny.
A GP perspective - hoping this information is practical and helpful Written in the Australian context but relevant also elsewhere Share & feel free to steal & use shamelessly Thanks @Lady_Gwendoline Also @MackayIM #COVID19 #coronavirus  …
How the coronavirus—and $85 billion in debt—ended one of China’s   via @BW
Panic buying bare soap until there’s none left for others is not just stupid but actually self-defeating There’s no point having clean hands if no one else’s hands are clean Coronavirus operates outside of our myopic economic structure. Selfishness is not in your self-interest
On todays episode of I DONT GIVE A FUCK After trump calls the #Coronavirus a hoax, a person at the conservative CPAC convention where Trump & Pence both spoke came down w/the virus I guess if its a Hoax, u have nothing to worry about Anybody care they may have been infected?
Fund managers on twitter showing they don’t understand fat tail risk / coronavirus shows how gentle and forgiving this record bull run has been to people.
JUST IN: 45 new cases of coronavirus in New York today
CA: Six new #coronavirus cases in San Francisco, according to local health officials. This brings the total cases in California to 73, including one fatality.
I guess this will be an experiment in exactly how resistant children are to coronavirus.  …
"No matter how much money you have, you cannot buy your way out of this epidemic," says Dr. @swoolhandler of @PNHP. "We’re going to have to conquer coronavirus together. And that’s the whole idea behind Medicare for All." 
I worry about our seniors, the already sick, doctors, and nurses, but coronavirus scything through our political class like the Angel of Death? Have at it.
Warriors news drop: Steph Curry has the regular flu, not coronavirus. Out tonight. Kevon Looney will be out at least the next three weeks, with continual hip soreness. Wouldn't be surprised if he misses the whole season. A summer of rest/recovery is clearly needed.
coronavirus is the only reason there were no girls at my bday party last night
Looked for a clear summary of the stats on coronavirus, so my dad and I made one. Google sheet below with data relative to the flu and context on what Covid-19 means in the US. (lmk if you have data to add) #coronavirus #dataforgood  …
This really is the last time that @peterbakernyt should be allowed to write about coronavirus, and I suspect a lot of people at the NYT would agree with me about that.  …
I normally have no real opinion on Daylight Saving Time, but this year I am actively excited about the prospect of having one less hour to panic about coronavirus/Joe Biden.
If trump caught #coronavirus at CPAC? .GIFs only
D.C. Mayor Muriel Bowser announces city’s first confirmed case of coronavirus 
"FDA rules initially prevented state  labs from developing their own coronavirus diagnostic tests ... So when the only available test suddenly turned out to be bunk, no one could actually say what primer sets worked."  …
NEW: White House says it is aware that an individual who attended CPAC has tested positive for coronavirus, but stresses that "there is no indication that either President Trump or Vice President Pence met with or were in close proximity to the attendee." 
My Uber driver ain't with the #coronavirus shiits 
When an emergency room suspected a Washington Post reporter had coronavirus, things got serious fast Read this personal story by ⁦ @jdawsey1⁩ Get well soon,  …
Oh hey, if you followed the advice of Peter Hotez you significantly INCREASED your risk of contracting coronavirus.  …
We demanded that the @JimBakkerShow stop marketing a product as a medical treatment for #coronavirus, as there’s no medicine available to prevent or cure it. If  across anyone marketing or selling bogus treatments or cures, contact my office.  
You have a better chance of dying in a house fire caused by accidental ignition of your 1,000 rolls of toilet paper you stockpiled from Costco than you do from coronavirus. Just wash your hands (with soap and water, you animals) and drink more whiskey. We’ll get through this.
flights to europe looking cheap as hell thank you coronavirus
#coronavirus update in the last hour: - First case in Kansas - First case in Washington, D.C. - First Death in Argentina - new cases in Brazil - 2 new cases in Pennsylvania. - 8 new cases in California - First 2 cases in Bulgaria. - 2 new cases in New South Wales, Australia
Any chance all this will prevent more flu deaths than lives the Coronavirus takes? We’re all a lot more educated on the seasonal flu now. I’d imagine there will be fewer flu cases and deaths due to all of the hand washing and concern.
BREAKING: 13 additional coronavirus cases in New York State have brought the statewide total to 89, Governor Cuomo said Saturday evening.
150 tourists and crew on board, 45 tested positive for coronavirus 
CPAC conference attended by Trump and Pence announces an attendee tested positive for coronavirus -  …
Can you get the #coronavirus from listening to someone tell the same story forty eight times even if they don’t touch you?
CPAC attendee tests positive for coronavirus  …
Washington, D.C., records its first presumptive positive coronavirus case, according to the mayor's office. Follow live updates:  
BREAKING: First cases of coronavirus confirmed in Bulgaria. Now 26 of 27 EU states reporting cases.
JUST IN: A person who attended CPAC last week tested positive for coronavirus #BeBest #coronavirus
Person With Coronavirus Attended CPAC Conference in Maryland (Largest and most influential gathering of conservatives in the world)... Don't worry your cult leader was there and he told you there's nothing to worry about!!! #wtpTEAM  …
CORONAVIRUS WELCOME TO THE RESISTANCE  …
A total of 13 deaths at a Seattle-area long-term care facility have been connected to coronavirus, and more could be confirmed in  days, a spokesman said Saturday.  …
These coronavirus reports are really starting to sound like the beginning of every zombie movie ever
UPDATE: New York reports 13 new cases of coronavirus, or 45 new cases so far today, raising the state's total to 89  …
TOMORROW: As government ministers prepare for a #CoronaVirus death toll of 100,000 people, we take a moment to propagandise the importance of inherited birthright and passive-aggressive editorialising against foreigners with dark skin. You’re  
Breaking: Gov. Laura Kelly announced the first Kansan to test positive for the coronavirus. The patient lives in Johnson County and is in isolation.
when your favs don’t stagedoor bc they’re scared of getting sick from coronavirus it’s understandable, but when laura benanti doesnt stagedoor bc she’s scared of getting sick with  immune system she’s dramatic
I survived this basketball season, so I’m probably immune to the Coronavirus.
I don’t know if this is Coronavirus or Saturday afternoon in a small airport. But this is Albuquerque airport right now. Mostly empty. Spring break starts next week. Yet this is what it is ! 
How do you spell, "PSYCHO?" Joy Reid: Children of Trump Supporters Are a Coronavirus Threat to 'Your Kids' 
Expert warns of 96 million possible coronavirus infections in US with up to half a million dead  …
IM DONE, GNZ REALLY OPENED THEIR CORONAVIRUS LIVE WITH HEART GATA VIRUS IN FACE MASKS 
Turns out Donald Trump was potentially exposed to coronavirus when he was at CPAC. Maybe someone should let him know, so he’ll start taking the damn thing seriously.
I’m pretty sure after 3 plus years of Trump... saying you’re an Obiden-Bama Democrat is no longer a gaffe. Implying that people don’t have to see a doctor & can go back to work with coronavirus... now that’s a gaffe. #BidenbeatsTrump
A person who attended CPAC last week tested positive for coronavirus. Many officials, including Trump and Pence, were also at the conference.  
WHO WOULD HAVE THOUGHT IT WOULD TAKE A VIRUS TO END A PLAGUE... The more Trump lies and covers up the truth about coronavirus, the more he shows he cares about his political future rather than about people’s health. He’s a truly sick person.  …
I’m just going to leave this right here. CPAC attendee tested positive for coronavirus. President Trump and many other top level Republicans were also in attendance.  …
DEM FAILED HOAXES: Billy Bush Interview Stormy D Russian Collusion Trumps Taxes Trumps Racist Kavanaugh’s a Rapist Jussie Smollett Inciting war with Iran Mueller Hearing Recession Epstein Climate Change Ukraine Whistleblower Impeach Kavanaugh Impeach Trump CoronaVirus
WH: The White House is aware of an individual testing positive for coronavirus after attending the CPAC conference that took place nearly two weeks ago..there is no indication that either President Trump or Vice President Pence met with or were in close proximity to the attendee
Update: There are 13 additional cases of #Coronavirus in NYS since earlier today, bringing total to 89. Westchester: 70 NYC: 11 Nassau: 4 Rockland: 2 Saratoga: 2 There will be more cases as we test more—that’s a good thing bc we can deal with the situation based on more facts.
The president of the Association of Flight Attendants union criticized the Trump White House over its haphazard response to the coronavirus outbreak, warning it was putting “both my members and the traveling public in harm’s way."  … via @HuffPostPol
To everyone saying the coronavirus will magically disappeared in the Summer: It’s already very warm here in Los Angeles, and that hasn’t stopped the number of cases doubling every 6 days.
Kansas confirms first #coronavirus case In Johnson County. #coronavirusks  …
If I were to say what I was thinking..... CPAC attendee tested positive for coronavirus  …
I wouldn’t be surprised if Trump used coronavirus to shut down the border. Why? Bc he hates America. He hates that he was never included in the rich class, hates that we laugh at him. He will seek his vengeance.
#BREAKING: A person who attended the Conservative Political Action Conference in Prince George's County has a confirmed case of #coronavirus, Gov. Larry Hogan's office said Saturday evening. 
As anxiety about coronavirus gave way to fear, investors on Wall Street dumped shares, watched the news and fielded client calls. "I have no energy left to speak," one Goldman Sachs banker said. 
Costco suspends free food samples over coronavirus  
CPAC attendee diagnosed with coronavirus  
Breaking: The coronavirus has been detected in an attendee at the CPAC meeting, an event that many Trump officials attended. The Trump administration may have to be quarantined — which is actually good news for America. 
Hoping that your son is practicing good hygiene habits because he's making hand contact with someone who was in close proximity to an infected coronavirus patient at CPAC.
if harrys shows cancel bc of coronavirus he won’t be able to afford another smoothie  …
NEW: Kansas reports first case of coronavirus  …
. @NYGovCuomo just confirmed 13 new cases of coronavirus in New York - bringing the statewide total now to 89. Breakdown: Westchester: 70 New York City: 11 Nassau: 4 Rockland: 2 Saratoga: 2
Doctors Say U.K. Is Ill Prepared for Coronavirus It isn’t just in Italy that they are contemplating rationing access to ICU to those who have the best chance of recovery. UK too In Yorkshire they only have 17 ICU beds with maybe setting up another 18  …
coronavirus is stealing lidglue tweets...? 
It might seem like I’m stockpiling groceries over coronavirus fears, but the groceries in my shopping cart are probably only going to last my 11 year old through this Tuesday.
The Coronavirus mishandling is a perfect example of something I tell Republicans all the time. I don't want him to fail because I hate him, I hate him *because* he's failing. This President is a fuck up of epic proportions. If he was good at his job I wouldn't have material.
BREAKING: Coronavirus update. South Korea continues to improve and China is under 100 cases today! We would celebrate but Italy, Iran, other European countries and the US are burning as govs take their cue from Nero, even though China and South Korea stopped it. 
One of the New Jersey coronavirus patients attended CPAC.  …
I get that there is a lot of uncertainty and fear right now regarding the coronavirus, but the media coverage has already hit, like, “seek out Mother Abagail” levels of panic.
JUST IN: Person With Coronavirus Attended Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) Conference in Maryland. #CPAC #coronavirus  …
A CPAC attendee has tested POSITIVE for coronavirus. Trump spoke at CPAC on 2/29, the SAME DAY he called it the Dems' "new hoax." Trump was *AT* CPAC where the disease he was currently spreading misinfo about was BEING spread, possibly to HIMSELF. Irony's really something.
Oh dear, the Tories are going to “Scale back the Budget”! Nothing to do with big promises they can’t keep! Nothing to do with Brexit! It’s wait for it It’s due to Coronavirus! Now there’s a surprise - You just can’t Trust a Tory- 
US DEATH TOLL Wow....19 from Coronavirus!!! Its 6pm, Saturday, March 7th, 2020... As of right now 11 US Veterans have died. In six more hours, another 11 will die. Where is the Media coverage on that epidemic? @CNN @cnnbrk @MSNBC @CBS @FoxNewsSunday 
You know what you're really gonna need when you're quarantined for months due to coronavirus? That's right, indie games! Get buying before they run out!
Matt Gaetz thought it wasfunny to wear a gas mask during the #COVID19 vote, and just a couple days later one of his constituents died from #coronavirus. This asshole should not be running a taco stand, nevermind part of our government  …
Matt Gaetz who joked around with a mask is probably on his way to get tested for Coronavirus right about now with the CPAC news.
#China DELAYED responding to the #CoronavirusOutbreak. More than 80,000 (likely MUCH more) were infected with #coronavirus, and many thousands died. China locked down 50% of its population (10% global). #Italy is now locking down 25% of its population. See where this is  …
The SOCIALIST-LEFT have seized on then BENEFITS of #Coronavirus , saying it’s more likely to KILL OFF OLD PEOPLE who are usually “climate deniers”. ‘Its a GREAT opportunity to start a #ClimateChange SOCIALIST revolution!’, they say. #UNexit  …
I've had numerous cancellations this month thanks to the Coronavirus disturbing travel. If any of my local Toronto gents would like to fill the missing slots for 3 to 5 hour dates at a discount, please email me! xo Canadian ladies RT for visiblity, I will RT back. 
#Breaking: first case of coronavirus confirmed in #WashingtonDC Briefing at  …
EMERGENCY REPORT: Coronavirus Is An Engineered Weapon For The Global Take-down Of The Western World #CoronavirusUSA #CoronaVirusUpdate  …
Frank Vogel said the Lakers had an educational meeting with their team doctor on Saturday to discuss the coronavirus, but said it was it was covering the basics such as washing their hands and limiting contact with others.
Seems like the American political elite is going to be exposed to the coronavirus.  …
UNREAL! The White House did a quicker job building Melania's "tennis pavilion" than getting tests out for the #coronavirus! #BeBest
Our Senior teams have been stood down from football activities for the next two weeks arising from a confirmed case of Coronavirus in an opposition team today. No one from our club has been tested for, or had symptoms of, the virus.However we would ask everyone to remain vigilant
Coronavirus: Italy to 'quarantine 10 million people' in Lombardy 
Everyone please stop sending me that Coronavirus was at CPAC. I know. We all know. Please be patient regarding my email response time, Im on my deathbed right now.
#BREAKING: The first case of coronavirus has been confirmed in Washington, D.C., according to Mayor Muriel Bowser. Bowser is scheduled to hold a briefing tonight at 7:30 p.m. on the situation. #COVID19 
An American church group on a trip to Bethlehem has been quarantined in a hotel after they were suspected of being exposed to #coronavirus  
I ate SAISD lunch for years I think I’m immune to the coronavirus
#CoronaVirus ain’t stopping #YoungMA perform on her tour! 
BREAKING: CPAC attendee tests positive for coronavirus  … via @realdennislynch
Somebody died in Gaetz’s district of the #Coronavirus after he made fun of it on the House floor Floridans in Gaetz’s district, is this what you voted for?  …
#BREAKING: DC confirms first presumptive case of coronavirus  
Trump refused to use the WHO test, even temporarily as a bridge until US could produce its own test. That’s the key to the Trump administration’s failure to provide enough tests to identify the coronavirus infections before they could be passed on  …
1/ Russia has given a lethal blow to the petrodollar Russia refused to play OPEC's game of lowering the price of oil. What it means: The Kremlin had decided that propping up prices as the coronavirus ravaged energy demand would be a gift to the
The president says Coronavirus is a hoax. The same president who spoke at CPAC where an attendee has tested positive for Coronavirus.
Since Kellyanne CONway lied about the Coronavirus being contained, 200 more cases have been reported. There are now 400+ infected Americans. Dangerous propaganda is just as deadly as the virus itself. No reputable media source should be asking her anything at this point.
Hospital beds per 1,000 people (OECD): Japan 13 South Korea 12 Russia 8 Germany 8 France 6 Switzerland 4.5 China 4.3 Scotland 4.2 Australia 3.8 Italy 3.6 Spain 2.97 Ireland 2.96 USA 2.77 England 2.3 Spot the problem. #coronavirus
It’s now clear that literally every action taken by ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩ in reaction to #coronavirus was a mistake, and every statement he’s made—including yesterday—was riddled with errors and politically self-serving lies that made the crisis worse.  …
NEW: A CPAC 2020 attendee tested positive for the novel coronavirus in New Jersey on Saturday, the American Conservative Union confirmed, indicating the attendee's exposure to the virus took place prior to the conference.  …
In Feb., I worried about #squanderedtime, the period between China's containment efforts and our chance to prepare. We wasted it. The @washingtonpost story, with "squander" and all, is a story that is worse than I imagined. #yetwemoveon #coronavirus   …
1/ As the number of cases continue to rise, we're removing our paywall on all latest news updates for Florida-related coronavirus cases. Our whole newsroom is working to keep readers informed — but we need your help. Subscribe to support our journalism:  
The coronavirus is a terrible global tragedy, with serious implications and tragic loss of life, & will get worse before it gets better, but it has provided additional damning evidence that trump is woefully inept &  & staggeringly incapable of managing a real crisis.
All jokes aside, when should we really be worried when  to the #Coronavirus? #CoronaVirusUpdate
coronavirus,,,, , , , ,  to the resistance 
FUCK CORONAVIRUS!! We lit!!  
These brave elderly men are taking all the necessary precautions to stop the spread of Coronavirus 
An attendee of CPAC — which Trump and other admin officials attended — tested positive for coronavirus, the host organization said.  …
Trump's best demographic in 2016 was 65+ crowd. The elderly however are more likely to die should they catch COVID-19 than the general population. Yet Trump's been so negligent during this coronavirus crisis. Doesn't he realize the pandemic could potentially kill off his base?
How big a deal is coronavirus? It’s forced an ultra-rare ATP/WTA joint statement. 
One of @mattgaetz’s constituents in Florida died from the coronavirus today.  …
#CPAC attendee—who was exposed to #coronavirus PRIOR to the conference—has tested positive. @realDonaldTrump and #COVID19 task force “leader” @Mike_Pence attended the conference. Maybe now, they’ll admit that the #CoronavirusOutbreak is NOT a “hoax.”  …
Over/Under on members of the Trump Administration who already have the #coronavirus and have spread it?
CPAC after AIPAC reports #Coronavirus infection for one if its conference attendees, currently quarantined in NJ. President Trump, VP Pence, Pompeo, Ivanka, Kushner, Mulvaney, Conway & UK’s Farage all spoke at conference:  …
Iran: Iranian journalist and activist, reports on coronavirus killing a member of the Iranian Parliament. I told you about how they are spitting on each other, imams making money spitting in drinking water for a cure. Licking together gates of mosques for a cure. Open borders?  …
BREAKING: Kansas has first presumptive positive case of Coronavirus. Johnson County woman #Ksleg
Coronavirus detected in attendee at CPAC meeting, which many White House officials attended less than two weeks ago  …
Only four members of President Trump’s coronavirus task force have any scientific or medical training. 
"It’s no coincidence that the coronavirus has broken out across the country as the president has continued to brag about keeping the disease outside America’s border," writes Jeremy Konyndyk 
If the new coronavirus is revealing a deeper moral crisis in our democracy, may it also rally us  together and address the inequality we have neglected for far too long in our public life.  …
Statement from @PressSec on the coronavirus case at CPAC last month, where Trump and many administration officials spoke: 
Morrison stuffed up the #bushfires, now he's stuffing up the recovery He's lied about the 'notional' $2 billion recovery fund So, Australians are right to have very little faith in his ability to handle the #coronavirus response #auspol #insiders
I don't care what anybody says, the #coronavirus is manmade, that's my opinion and I'm sticking to it.
Coronavirus guidelines: 1. Wash your hands. 2. Don't touch your face. 3. Block news outlets that blame @realDonaldTrump - cause that's just crazy.
Trump lies but gov data (especially state and local) is more reliable. Again, just tune him out if you can. For those who I follow for reliable data, science and medicine, see this list. I am just a consumer of their great works. #coronavirus  …
Singapore sets the example for how nations should be dealing with the #CoronaVirus. (World Economic Forum) 
In Iran, horrific videos of #CoronaVirus are emerging. The situation is disastrous especially in the province of Gilan. This poor man collapsed in front of a hospital, but they can't admit him since it's full. While hospitals are ill-equipped, Iran's leaders don't care. 
Just got confirmation from the DC Mayor's office of the first presumptive positive coronavirus case in DC. This is in addition to the CPAC and AIPAC attendees who tested positive after attending the conferences in and around DC. The Mayor will brief press at 7:30 p.m.
Top federal health officials on Saturday said they don't know how many people in the U.S. have been tested for coronavirus — or how many will need to be in  weeks  …
These pictures show how China's air pollution has dropped during the coronavirus outbreak  #coronavirus 
The flu pandemic of 1918 killed more than 50 million people worldwide. The lessons of that outbreak could save countless lives in the fight against the coronavirus, writes global health expert 
Coronavirus symptoms include a runny nose, cough, sore throat, headache and a fever that can last for a couple of days. 
The Golden State Warriors will take on the Philadelphia 76ers in San Francisco later today despite local health officials warning against large gatherings over coronavirus fears 
The Lakers had a meeting with the team doctor today to discuss coronavirus safety. Frank Vogel said it was  sense stuff like wash your hands, avoid contact with others.
President Duterte has declared a nationwide state of public health emergency as the number of confirmed cases of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) in the country has risen to six, two of whom have been classified as local transmission.  
GLOBAL CORONAVIRUS CASES REACH 105,820 80,652 7,041 5,883 5,823 949 799 500 461 401 268 206 188 169 161 147 138 108 93 85 79 63 61 54 54 50 50 46 45 45 34 23 23 22 22 21 20 19 18 18 17 15 13 13 
coronavirus...  to the 
I want to say, if you believe coronavirus is a hoax, then don’t take up a hospital bed when you get it. We don’t use witch craft in hospitals, we use science.
“An attendee of the Conservative Political Action Conference — a major annual right-wing gathering held in Maryland this February and attended by President Trump — tested positive Saturday for coronavirus” via @washingtonpost I swear I am not laughing.
The literal only upside to coronavirus is that as an asian woman, you can finally walk freely as the racist dudes with yellow fever will now subscribe to the same asian sick man stereotypes and stay the fk away
I'm stealing this point from someone, but watching conservatives quickly fall into line about coronavirus not being a big deal is a useful example of how supposedly deep-seated lib/con personality diffs seem to often get swamped rather easily by partisanship and social influence.
the cdc: the best way to prep for coronavirus is to wash your hands, avoid close contact with people, and see a medical professional if you show symptoms. everyone: what i’m hearing is to beat the shit out of each other over a roll of toilet paper
So, a 5 STAR Hotel just collapses that is housing coronavirus victims. This isnt passing my sniff test. You?  …
#BREAKING Number of confirmed novel coronavirus cases in L.A. County rises to 14, health officials say  …
I hope everyone who attended @CPAC is ok and doesn't get sick. I'm putting aside any politics and  Nobody should get the coronavirus, no matter their politics. However, if Seb Gorka got genital herpes at this CPAC, I am fine with that.
An editorial calling for  on #coronavirus that uses quotes which  made up. I never said anything even remotely resembling what they claim is “conflicting information”. Not a misquote,totally made up by someone.  …
The liquor store is  stocked as if Coronavirus isn’t going around... It’s like the alcoholics aren’t thinking ahead and aren’t making good decisions.
April 2009 to April 2010 the CDC estimated there were 61 million cases and 12,469 deaths (0.02%) in the U.S. from H1N1 COVID-19 (Coronavirus) estimated mortality rate is 0.005% MSM and Democrats are once again using fear tactics as a political strategy. Just wash your hands
I'd retweeted something about attendees at 2 DC conferences testing positive for #Coronavirus. I took it back. Whatever you think of the groups, the spread of this virus here is inevitable. It could have been anyone, any group. It's scary & serious for everyone. Try to be kind.
BREAKING: DC Has First ‘Presumptive’ Coronavirus Case. @MayorBowser is set to address the public at 7:30 p.m. Saturday. #DCCoronavirus #coronavirus  …
‘If I catch the coronavirus I’m screwed. Gig economy workers can’t afford to be ill’ Zero hours contract workers and self employed can’t afford to self isolate for two weeks.  …
Personnel from @AlphaTauriF1 are already in Australia having changed their plans to arrive earlier. They will stay out between Oz & Bahrain so shouldn’t be a major issue although with Italy being so badly hit by #CoronaVirus travel restrictions are changing on a daily basis. #F1
Not today #coronavirus 
The first #coronavirus fatality in FL is reported just days after @repMattGaetz mocked taxpayers by wearing a dramatic mask in a truly ‘sick’ effort to parody a possible epidemic. On behalf of all decent citizens, I apologize to the family & loved  …
BREAKING: #Italy may lock down entire sections in its north and restrict movement for 25% of its population, as #coronavirus cases more than DOUBLED from 2,500 to >5,800 in 3 days. Expect major closures in the US soon. #CoronavirusOutbreak  …
Tim Horton’s isn’t doing roll up the rim this year because of the coronavirus. Alright everyone I think it’s time we officially cancel the coronavirus. She’s just too problematic and now she’s threatening Canadians with no free coffee so get it trending #coronavirusisoverparty
#BREAKING: A man in his 80s has died in a Sydney hospital after testing positive for COVID-19, making him the third coronavirus-related death in Australia.
Interestingly, people bulk-buying hand steriliser to sell for profit are less likely to contract #coronavirus Nothing to do with hygiene, they just don't have any friends and nobody can stand to be around them for long
If you went to Super Sk8 as a kid you’re immune to the coronavirus
Let's forget the doctors and nurses battling coronavirus, the scientists working for a vaccine Let's not thank those working to protect immigrants, or folks working in soup kitchens to feed the hungry. We really should be thanking Melanie for building herself a tennis court
Re: Coronavirus I’m not afraid of it killing me personally at all. What I’m suggesting is that the rapid spread will be more than the US is prepared to handle in terms of care and that we will continue to see events with large gatherings cancelled.
This is the ONLY thing I would ever stockpile. If I’m going to die, I want to die eating this. #coronavirus 
Costco stores stop serving free food samples due to coronavirus concerns.  - @TODAYshow
There won't be one. No way our Joe @mayor_anderson is giving the green light for half a million tourists to congregate in one area during Coronavirus.  first.  …
Absolutely unprecedented. Italy set to quarantine whole of Lombardy due to coronavirus Coronavirus outbreak. This is the equivalent of people quarantine areas the size of New York or London. Also Lombardy makes up 1/5th of Italy’s economy. Unprecedented.  …
Several of you have requested an easier-to-share version of the coronavirus thread I posted today. I hope this is helpful: 
This is FAR WORSE than George W Bush's response to Hurricane Katrina: Trump administration still struggling to ramp up coronavirus testing 
Kari Kolstoe is desperate. She has stage 4 cancer, (weakened immune system) & is onboard the Grand Princess Cruise-ship with 21 coronavirus patients. The ship is off the N. Calif. coast. Kari has no symptoms but needs to get off to receive chemo. Cc: @kevincramer 
Putin Dumps MBS to Start a War on America’s Shale Oil Industry "The Kremlin had decided that propping up prices as the #Coronavirus ravaged energy demand would be a gift to the U.S. shale industry... Now it was time to squeeze the Americans."  …
WAPO confirms reports that virus was spreading for months before Trump began planning containment. Trump officials delayed coronavirus epidemic plans because the president thought it was an overseas problem: report -  …
Extraordinary times. Italy's draft emergency Coronavirus law to ban entry and exit to whole of Lombardy region - capital Milan- Venice, Padua, Parma & 8 others. Weddings and funerals banned. Cinemas, gyms, pubs, museums all closed. Anyone violating law can be arrested and fined. 
US tourist is Costa Rica's 1st #coronavirus case. The country's health minister confirms the 49-year-old woman brought the infection into the country with her. She is currently "in strict isolation" in a hotel in San Jose, the capital, w/ her husband  
Shocking image of the Coronavirus when magnified 1000X #CoronaVirusUpdate 
Like the Washington cases, we only know about this positive coronavirus case because Standford researchers went AROUND the  …
The American Conservative Union says someone at CPAC tested positive for coronavirus but "had no interaction with the President or the Vice President." Still, thousands of people gathered in small rooms that were  filled.  …
BREAKING: First coronavirus death in Argentina, the first in South America
Tim Hortons has scrapped its  Roll Up The Rim cups due to the coronavirus. There were health concerns around staff handling items recently gripped and sipped by customers returning them for prizes.
Coronavirus hit CPAC, where both Trump and Pence recently spoke. Pandemics don’t care what political party you belong to. My hope is this catastrophe will help build bipartisan consensus to treat this like the crisis it is.  …
#BREAKING: CPAC conference attended by Trump and Pence announces an attendee tested positive for coronavirus  …
Cuba is gonna be the best equipped to stop Coronavirus of every country on earth. Amazing disaster preparedness, amazing healthcare, abundance of HCWs, a literal island
BREAKING: Washington, D.C. reports first case of coronavirus  …
The US government is urging people who are sick to stay at home to help prevent the spread of coronavirus. But for workers who don't have paid sick leave, staying home when they aren't feeling well can be financially devastating. 
Late this afternoon, testing at the Public Health Lab at the DC Department of Forensic Sciences yielded its first presumptive positive coronavirus (COVID-19) case. Join me live at 7:30 p.m. for a briefing at the John A. Wilson Building.
The one previous crisis not of Trump’s making was Hurricane María. The administration response was horribly botched and 3,000 died. But it did not cost Trump politically because Puerto Rico is far from the mainland. He won’t be so lucky with coronavirus. 
“They’re not designed as quarantine facilities, to put it mildly." Thousands of passengers are caught in limbo aboard cruise ships hit with coronavirus outbreaks, as countries on four continents have kept the vessels at sea or put them in quarantine. 
Italy #Coronavirus outbreak numbers by date: February 18: 3 cases February 21: 20 cases February 24: 231 cases February 27: 655 cases March 1: 1,694 cases March 4: 3,089 cases March 7: 5,883 cases
The coronavirus has been great for getting men everywhere to finally wash their hands after they piss If we can somehow invent a disease that encourages them to stop pissing on the fucking floor we'll be one step closer to world peace
The D.C. public health lab tested its first “presumptive positive” coronavirus case this afternoon. Mayor Bowser will provide more detail at 7:30 press conference
As a resident of Florida, and as someone who deals with  I am scared how coronavirus will affect mitigated peoples without healthcare. #FloridaCoronavirus
ACU: American Conservative Union has learned that one of our CPAC attendees has unfortunately tested positive today for coronavirus. The exposure occurred previous to the conference..This attendee had no interaction with the President or the Vice President
US coronavirus deaths rise to 19 as New York declares state of emergency  …
u kno what... i hope the entire country shuts down to prevent the inevitable and deadly coronavirus spread but i don’t get it and also nobody else gets it we just all stay inside in our blankies and watch shows
Y’all trying to hang out & party I’m trying to watch Netflix & stay coronavirus free
The United States is now 9th in the world in number of coronavirus cases. Just below Japan. Donny squandered our earlier advantage with  inaction. Due to the testing kit fiasco, we don't even know how many cases we really have.
UCSF is developing two #coronavirus tests that are expected to be ready for patients next week, one of which could report results within one hour. UCSF anticipates being able to test 30 to 100 patients per day. 
Two more people succumbed to #coronavirus in Washington state, bringing the nationwide death toll to 19, even as more than half of all U.S. states reported cases of the infection  
This. A thousand percent this. ‘The media’ is not driving fears about the Coronavirus. The media is reporting what health officials are saying. I haven’t seen a single news report suggesting people buy a decade’s worth of toilet paper and hunker down. 
And now this: citing the @NPRCodeSwitch #coronavirus & #xenophobia episode, Brookline (MA) Asian American Family Network launched a campaign to help Asian businesses impacted by virus stigma.   …
An attendee at CPAC tested positive for coronavirus  …
People afraid because the Coronavirus has killed 3,000 in 3 months. Last year, the flu killed over 600,000 people. Coronavirus is airborne, Winds carry it. Yet China said: "Isolating Wuhan will contain it." Anyone see a dome lowered? No? Then something else is going on. 
Governor Cuomo now has expanded emergency powers as a result of State legislation passed this week. He can suspend rules and laws that he believes impede response to #coronavirus.  …
A CPAC attendee has tested positive for coronavirus. The person is said to have had no interaction with Trump or Pence.  …
Trudeau’s CBC state broadcaster is grilling Donald Trump for not doing enough about Coronavirus, when Trudeau has done less by every measure. It’s a placebo, fake accountability journalism to obscure Trudeau’s uselessness, and the CBC’s collusion with him.  …
Due to growing concerns regarding the coronavirus, I will not be uploading a video today. There are too many people in  section & I know one of y’all are sick. I don’t want what you have. Have a great day
Reasons I'm not afraid of Coronavirus: - I live alone - I never use public transport - I'm the most antisocial bastard on the planet when I want to be - Wine is available on Deliveroo - The virus I'm supposed to be afraid of appeared in a Dean Koontz novel I'll be fine.
BREAKING: Argentina reports South America's first death from coronavirus  …
‘If I catch the coronavirus I’m screwed. Gig economy workers can’t afford to be ill’  …
Meet Trump Supporter: REPORTER: You don't believe coronavirus exists? WOMAN: I don't. REPORTER: So the two people who have been reported to have died from it in WA you don't trust that that's true? WOMAN: I don't trust anything the democrats do or say.  …
This coronavirus scare will pass and then you’ll see a bunch of people having a dope ass summer, traveling around the world because flights were 80% off Remember this tweet lol
. @Bowenchris tells @David_Speers Labor would support an increase to Newstart as part of a coronavirus stimulus package #insiders 
Kirkland nursing home, Washington state: - 54 residents transferred to hospitals - 14 died from coronavirus - 63 residents remained - 45 test kits received - 0 test results came back - 6 residents with symptoms - 70 employees with symptoms
Squandered time: How the Trump administration lost control of the coronavirus crisis  …
Currently behind me on the plane. When you super scared of #coronavirus 
CPAC attendee tests positive for coronavirus  …
JUST IN: First cases of coronavirus in Bulgaria
I have a feeling the coronavirus numbers are going to explode once we finally start widespread testing.
JUST IN: Tim Hortons is scrapping Roll Up The Rim cups due to the coronavirus  
Twitter won't let me say what I want to say right now. Matt Gaetz Wore Gas Mask To Mock Coronavirus Concerns. One Of His Constituents Just Died From It.  …
Shot. Chaser. #coronavirus 
prepping for coronavirus 
Tim Hortons scraps Roll Up The Rim cups over coronavirus concerns  …
Death toll from coronavirus rises to 233 in Italy, as the country tries to contain the outbreak centered in the Lombardy region, which includes Milan. 
BREAKING: Bulgaria reports first 2 cases of coronavirus  …
BREAKING: Attendees of both the @AIPAC and the conservative @CPAC conventions held in the Washington, DC, region in recent days have now tested POSITIVE for coronavirus. CPAC says its attendee is being treated in New Jersey:  …
CPAC confirms an attendee tested poaitive for coronavirus. Last week at CPAC, the outgoing WH Chief of Staff characterized coronavirus media coverage as designed "to bring down" the president. 
19/ And if a healthcare worker is "exposed" (because they weren't wearing an N95 mask they probably don't need) to a patient who later tests positive for coronavirus, should they then be taken out of circulation, quarantined for 14 days? What does that do to healthcare capacity?
While scientists race to a vaccine and people brace for a pandemic, this one thing is spreading the coronavirus faster than ever.  …
Imagine if all the panic and advice everywhere we look about the Coronavirus, was the same about mental health and suicide. Suicide is the largest killer of men in the UK under the age of 50, yet we see so little being done. RIP, Greg - From a Burnley fan.  …
A CPAC attendee has now tested positive for the coronavirus 
I’ve heard that Coronavirus is going to cause a desperate shortage of newspapers, so it’s very important that everyone rush out and start panic buying ⁦ @SunTimesIreland⁩. Thank 
Weird, it’s almost like people outside of the US didn’t hear our stable genius declare that coronavirus was no biggie because they all have masks on.
Donald Trump didn’t know people died from the flu. In 1918, it killed his grandfather, Friedrich Trump. #coronavirus  …
‘Democrats are about twice as likely as Republicans to say the coronavirus poses an imminent threat to the U.S.’ ‘And more Democrats than Republicans say they are taking steps to be prepared, including washing hands more often or limiting travel plans’  …
Post Edited: Coronavirus age-specific fatality ratio, estimated using Stan, and (attempting) to account for underreporting of cases and the time delay to death. Now with data and code.  …
The Iranian resistance group MEK pegs the coronavirus death toll in Iran at 2000 – nearly 14 times the official 145 figure the Iranian regime acknowledges. Hard to believe Iran has a handle on this when even its own lawmakers are contracting the virus.  …
Should casual workers who lose  while they self-isolate due to coronavirus get Newstart, @David_Speers asks @Bowenchris #insiders 
Listen, i’m gonna keep spreading what ever info i can on Coronavirus...If ya don’t like it, you should ask if i give a fuck...cuz i don’t My Page.
Make a prediction: When will the first Coronavirus natural experiment NBER Working Paper drop? What will be the  variable?
Our whole @seattletimes staff has been working nonstop all week as coronavirus spreads in Washington.  But today, a subscriber wrote in and asked if she could send pizzas to the weekend staff. We love our readers and couldn't do this without them. 
JUST IN: N.Y. Subway Rider Sprays Asian Man With Febreze in Possible Hate Crime. The  has seen an uptick in racist incidents since the outbreak of the #Coronavirus, which began in China. "I don't want him under me!...Tell him to move!"  …
The woman in Lee County who died after contracting coronavirus got tested Wednesday, died Thursday and the positive result of her test did  back til Friday, which is why her illness was not reported before she died, DeSantis says.
Foo’s worried about the coronavirus but never check for any STD’s smh foo you’re the dangerous virus.
Video: China has an infantry of Stormtroopers disinfecting whole cities #COVID19 #CoronaVirus 
Coronavirus at CPAC, which had around 20,000 attendees. The scale of the outbreak across the US and the world is going to increase substantially in  weeks.  …
Italy set to quarantine whole of Lombardy due to coronavirus  …
Join us tomorrow big show ⁦ @SundayFutures⁩ ⁦ @FoxNews⁩ 10am ⁦ @NYGovCuomo⁩ #coronavirus ⁦ @RepDougCollins⁩ ⁦ @RealBenCarson⁩ ⁦ @gen_jackkeane⁩ ⁦ @GOPLeader⁩ ⁦ @kevinomccarthy⁩ ⁦ @GOP⁩ ⁦ @NYStateofHealth⁩ #Fisa 
The Italian government is to quarantine the whole of Lombardy, as it tries to contain the spread of the #coronavirus. To put this into context, Lombardy has more than 10 million people. Equivalent to preventing anyone from entering or leaving London.  …
Me at brunch in Miami after testing positive for coronavirus. 
BREAKING- Italian government will lockdown the Lombardy region of 10 million people because of coronavirus. A draft decree would extend the quarantined ‘red zone’ areas, ordering people not to enter or leave the region until April. The Italian Alps ski resorts will close too.
I know that this is an  topic to bring up right now, but I think it’s a rather important one and one worth talking about. So, if you’ll stick with me for a little bit, I want to talk a bit about the dreaded coronavirus (COVID-19),  and being safe. 
NEW: CPAC confirms an attendee has tested positive for coronavirus at a hospital in New Jersey.  …
#CoronaVirus This guy tried to warn us about China.. but we didn’t listen 
All Hospital Beds In The US Will Be Filled With Patients 'By About May 8th' Due To Coronavirus: Analysis Call me crazy but this feels like a false flag  …
I agree everyone who is saying “don’t panic” about the coronavirus. Panic never helps. But we also don’t know the appropriate level of concern because the government is lying to us and keeping key information secret.
Don’t let coronavirus scare you. Here are some valuable facts from a doctor who is an infectious diseases specialist. 
The number of US coronavirus cases more than tripled this week, and local officials are asking thousands of residents to stay indoors to stop the spread of the disease 
My mom works in an elementary school in Fall River MA where teachers who live with people who are currently in quarantine are currently going into schools to teach  kids without thinking twice about it. We're not prepared to deal with the coronavirus here
Matt Gaetz Wore Gas Mask To Mock Coronavirus Worries. One Of His Constituents Just Died From It  …
Donald: the coronavirus will go away in warm weather Me in FL checking Twitter: #floridacoronavirus is 
Number of UK coronavirus cases rises by 46 to 209  
I have a proposal for the media, who seem to care so much about public health all of a sudden. Report all categories of illnesses and deaths in the order in which they occur. Flu. Colds. Norovirus. Heart disease. Cancer. Juan Williams. Coronavirus.
11 Houston hospital workers quarantined amid coronavirus concerns 
Debate has raged in the Trump administration over what to tell the public about the coronavirus, with the president especially hesitant to raise alarm 
On 02.10.2020 President Trump predicted that the deadly coronavirus would no longer pose a threat once warmer weather arrived. 1/
CPAC has a case of coronavirus.  …
I was told coronavirus was a "hoax" perpetuated by Democrats 
NEW: CPAC confirms that one of their attendees at the 2020 conference tested positive for Coronavirus. The subject was tested at a hospital in New Jersey.  …
I know no one understands or cares but I have achieved my lifelong dream of finding the American woodcock in Bryant park and@now coronavirus can take me peacefully thanks you for your time and attention 
At the present 25% per day growth rate the number of those infected with coronavirus in the UK will reach 200k within 30 days. We should all be cutting back on unnecessary contacts with other people. Italy is about 2 weeks ahead of us. Take action!  …
Been in hospital for a little while now. Not a single nurse, Dr, nor member of NHS staff is worried. 30 mins ago I showed the below clip to a nurse who laughed & said "Wow. Unbelievable. We deal with far worse problems each day than the bloody #coronavirus "  …
If you think the #ToiletPaperApocalypse is bad, you should see what #socialism looks like at the supermarket... #outsiders #skymidmorning #skynews #auspol #COVIDー19 #coronavirus
cant take no chances with the coronavirus out there 
BREAKING: New drastic #Coronavirus measures in Italy: Complete lock down/quarantine of #Lombardy, richest region with pop of 10 million, & 11 provinces, incl Venice, Parma, Modena, Milan. Infections: 5883 Deaths: 
. @CHHSAgency Secretary Dr. Mark Ghaly discusses how to protect the most vulnerable from coronavirus. For the latest information on #COVID19, visit  
This coronavirus is turning to be quite the Shonen arc rn Hope it’s just filler
Seriously Negligent. Trump is RESPONSIBLE.He wouldn't use WHO 'test kits. For every death, he should be held accountable. CDC has tested 1,583 people for coronavirus  …
Children's lungs may not be as hospitable to the coronavirus as their adult counterparts. But researchers think they can still be carriers. 
#COVID19 vs. the #Flu in Italy Flu: 93 ICU patients, 5 death in week 5 of 2020 (at peak) Coronavirus: 351 ICU patients, 131 deaths in week 10 of 2020 (recent) 
Amid a coronavirus outbreak in the United States, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is encouraging older people and people with severe chronic medical conditions to "stay at home as much as possible" 
"Stanford University faculty member tests positive for COVID-19: A Stanford University faculty member who has “ not been in the work environment since experiencing symptoms” tested positive for the new coronavirus, according to university officials." 
About the rumour that made its rounds on social media today The Federal Government of Nigeria has not placed any travel ban from countries with the coronavirus disease See latest #COVID19 public health advisory for information on travel  
#UFC champ @TeamKhabib doesn't even want to think about how the coronavirus could affect his title defense at #UFC249 in April: "Don't talk about this… I don't want to talk about this, please." Watch full video:  
IMPORTANT: See my letter to  regarding the fake news story circulating on social media about RM students having coronavirus. Please retweet. 
Important coronavirus info: • Highest risk groups are the elderly and those  immune systems. • CDC offers updated travel guidance and restrictions here: 
Gov. DeSantis says one of the Broward coronavirus cases is a person who worked at Port Everglades checking people in for a cruise line.
Shame no amount a hand sanitiser can wash aff your mockit attitude and the casual racism that av seen towards Chinese people in regards to the coronavirus
Can someone please explain what this obsession is with toilet rolls??? It's not going to be coronavirus that kills us it's gonna be selfish people hoarding everything for themselves and leaving nothing on the shelves for the elderly and vulnerable! #panickbuying  …
Everyone is out there buying all the toilet paper due to coronavirus. I’m one step ahead of them. I’m buying all the laundry detergent. #ToiletPaperApocalypse
BREAKING NEWS 70 LifeCareCenter employees have #Covid19 symptoms 26 patients have died since the outbreak began 2/19 (some were not tested for #Coronavirus) 1/2 of LifeCareCenter's patients on 2/19 have been hospitalized or died. 
France - #Coronavirus: 16 dead and 949 cases in France, i.e. 336 more cases in 24 hours incl. 2 Assembly members  … h/t Pathfinder #COVID19
Matt Gaetz made light of coronavirus by wearing a gas mask. Now one of his constituents has died.  …
Transgender queen crowned in Thailand as coronavirus limits crowd  
In the United States, coronavirus transmission is likely already far wider than the 90 publicly confirmed cases on Monday, because of U.S. officials’ failure to do sufficient testing. 
Hotel in China that holds coronavirus victims in quarantine collapses as emergency service scramble to reach 70 trapped in the rubble 
And my colleagues in the profession need to really think about the way we talk about coronavirus! People listen to journalists and we should not go about creating panic just to get some viral tweets. Our tone matters a lot in moments like these.
These people are looking for an excuse for the economic meltdown that a no deal #Brexit is going to cause us. Aren’t they? #Coronavirus could cause worse recession than no-deal Brexit, says #PhilipHammond - The Times and The Sunday  …
Don't get a flu shot now!! "Vaccine derived virus interference was significantly associated with coronavirus" unless you want to take corona virus head-on..  …
coronavirus will kill a lot of people but it won't end the world, same as how everyone was predicting/hoping that Trump yeeting an Iranian general would spark World War III; you're just desperate for an end to this wretched existence that will 
Will the Coronavirus be the end of the left's OPEN BORDERS theory? I think it's pretty telling how NOW they're ready to shut down anyone they find as a threat  in--seems oddly familiar.
The sketch was "Every Stand-up Comedian Right Now" where I play  who tells the most obvious and boring coronavirus jokes. I scrapped it because a) it was only "funny" in a meta way, not a laugh-out-loud way, and b) some ppl would think I was making light of the virus
Lying bigot Mike Pence is telling Cruise Ships to step up their efforts on Coronavirus response. Pence’s efforts include attending CPAC to attack President Obama, attending a fundraiser in Florida, hosting a prayer circle, playing basketball with Matt Bevin and lying.
BREAKING: Italy plans to close off all of Lombardia over coronavirus fears, shutting down schools and restricting travel, according to a draft decree 
Fellas, - #Coronavirus and it’s effects already seen in China with CCP hiding numbers -Half of Italy about to be locked down -States of Emergency being declared around the World -Europe getting badly affected -Iran is Doomed Still reckon it’s just a flu? #coronavirus
Breaking News: Italy is weighing a plan to restrict the movement of a fourth of its population in the most extreme effort to contain the coronavirus outside China 
A high-ranking #Iranian regime official has died from the #coronavirus. Hossein Sheikholeslam was a leader of the radical Iranian students who stormed the US Embassy in Tehran and took 52 Americans captive during the 444-day hostage crisis in 1979.  …
1. An attempt at some calculations on the potential impact of #coronavirus on Ireland. I am going to take a conservative assessment at each stage of this process. My aim is to show that #COVID19 is serious and is not "just a flu".
This lady behind me in Target was buying (I counted), 16 packs of Clorox wipes and 6 cans of Lysol.....and I was buying cookies and chip dip. For some people, the coronavirus panic is REAL.
Italy planning to quarantine entire Lombardy region plus Venice and other areas to tackle coronavirus  …
Matt Gaetz made light of coronavirus by wearing a gas mask. Now one of his constituents has died.  …
coronavirus hit italy hard because all the animated hand gestures fling the virus around
Coronavirus update, Italy: - 1,247 new cases today - 5,883 cases in total - 2,651 hospitalized - 589 recovered - 233 deaths - 567 in intensive care
They have to push the coronavirus because liberalism is normally responsible for all the deaths around here
The nation’s jails and prisons are on high alert, stepping up inmate screenings, sanitizing jail cells and urging lawyers to scale back in-person visits to prevent the new coronavirus from spreading through their vast inmate populations. 
Schools are going virtual as #coronavirus disrupts education. 
THIS is the face of the GOP. Make no mistake, they're ALL like this, only MATT GAETZ has that certain je ne sais quoi The Washington Post: Matt Gaetz made light of coronavirus by wearing a gas mask. Now one of his constituents has died..  … via @GoogleNews
give the middle finger to coronavirus and stay inside all weekend playing @Rainbow6Game save up to 75% and breach into the madness until march 8th:  #RainbowSixSiege 
What went wrong with the coronavirus tests in the U.S. 
Contradicted everything actual doctors and scientists have said about coronavirus, global warming, and other subjects that take years of education and training to fully understand. #StupidThingsTrumpHasDone
Will warm weather stop the outbreak of COVID-19? The experts at #HarvardHealth have created a resource center to answer all of your questions about the coronavirus.  
Max Boot: "Trump has yet to figure out that the coronavirus is an enemy that cannot be intimidated with a demeaning nickname or wished away with happy talk. Trump has finally met a no-kidding crisis, and his performance so far has been execrable."  …
An 88-year-old woman waits outside a window while her 89-year-old husband speaks to her from a phone, on the other side of the glass. It's the only way they  while he's quarantined in Kirkland, Washington, during the coronavirus outbreak. 
Pictures of The Day Once bustling Hong Kong International Airport is now eerily quiet amid #coronavirus outbreak. 
Super Tuesday was a big day for Joe Biden and the Coronavirus is on everyone’s mind. But what do people know about Super Tuesday and the Coronavirus? @JesseBWatters hits the streets to find out, see it tonight. #FoxNews 8PM 
Congrats, DC. We may have coronavirus patients that the authorities are refusing to test. I know and trust Liz, the author of the tweet. If she says this is her ex-in-law, it is.  …
Oh pahlese, now Science is to be lauded, and the cuts  of CSIRO are meant to be forgotten. So much brain power was lost with those cuts, we may have already had a cure for coronavirus by now.  …
Not waste: bitcoin mining Waste: Airlines are burning thousands of gallons of fuel flying empty 'ghost' planes so they can keep their flight slots during the coronavirus outbreak Learn the difference!  …
I'm going to give this roll of #toiletpaper to a follower at midday on Sunday. RT and follow for a chance to win. I’ll post it anywhere in the world. #WinNicksToiletRoll #Coronavirus #PanicBuying #WeveAllGoneFuckingCrazy 
What's happening with the coronavirus is  vindication of @realDonaldTrump's policies. We need to bring manufacturing, especially of critical things like medicines and military parts, back to America, and the borders must be protected. Chuck was wrong, as  …
PLEASE Share.. THIS IS IMPORTANT.. .as in.. Don't scare yourself, don't scare others. #coronavirus #Coronavid19 
(20/many) I was told I tested negative and then there was a mistake and I’m positive for #coronavirus. Being taken from Luxor with ~32 others to a hospital outside of Alexandria via an Egyptian military plane. This may be my last update for the foreseeable future. 
Important reporting here on how internal infighting, bungled pronouncements and other challenges — including a distracted and percurial president — frittered away precious time in trying to control coronavirus in the US   …
Italy is set to lock-down Lombardy and 11 provinces as part of the new draft decree to control COVID-19 outbreak after 233 people have died from coronavirus
I'm heading to a Department of Public Health presser on #coronavirus soon. Six new cases have been confirmed in #SF, bringing the total to eight. (New cases: two in 20s, three in 40s, one in 50s). They are being isolated at home "in good condition." What questions do you have?
200308 instagram @/djdiary0420 Thank you very much for the love of uncle Minho's fans ^_^! Watch out for coronavirus! 
Coronavirus spreads in French parliament  
Hey, @Disney y’all have a “not scared of the #Coronavirus discount”?!?? Asking for a friend.
yo coronavirus is kinda pog, flights to majors are so cheap right now
In light of the #Coronavirus outbreak, the Director-General of the World Health Organization suggests greeting others by placing the hand on the heart as an alternative to shaking the hand. Eyvallah. 
Hard freakin' pass listening to this "medical professional" telling me about the coronavirus.
Three women engage in fierce and bloody  over the FINAL pack of toilet paper in Australia. #BeBest #coronavirus 
What  efforts  coronavirus when it finally arrives in Zimbabwe is that we have a government that's NOT in the habit of telling the truth; public servants who think their duty is withholding info, not sharing. And a public that doesn't trust a word they say 
1.1 million coronavirus tests have been shipped out as of last night to non-CDC labs in U.S., FDA's Stephen Hahn told us at briefing. 400,000 more ready to be shipped; 640,000 await quality tests at CDC. When all 2.1 million ship, means 850,000 patients can be tested, he said. 
I’m hanging out at my friends bday party in the park and he expressly forbade everyone to talk about politics or the coronavirus. He even set a timer to see how long we’d last. Our longest time? 6 minutes
And they say there's no cure for #CoronaVirus....  …
Florida coronavirus death in Rep. Matt Gaetz’s  days after criticisms he made light of the epidemic  …
JUST IN: CDC has tested 1,583 people for coronavirus  
I went to the supermarket today and also mass bought toilet paper. Not because of Coronavirus, but because I realised my next event is going to be Valderrama.
With things running out during Coronavirus panic shopping, science textbooks will  impossible to find. It would be advisable to stock up on all manner of scientific literacy and read it NOW before it runs out. #CoronavirusOutbreak #COVIDー19 #Coronavid19 #science
US - California: LA County health officials have confirmed a new case of #COVID19 .Total number = 14. New case is a resident who recently returned from attending the AIPAC Conf. in Washington, D.C  … h/t Treyfish #COVID19california #coronavirus
Talking to my Uncle in Milan about #coronavirus and #redzones. A word of warning to 
A good friend of mine got shoved by strangers, yelled at, kicked out of public transportations because she is Asian. She did not want to disclose the specific location but it happened near Toronto, Canada. #racism #Coronavirus  …
Former Trump homeland security adviser says Coronavirus response must include 'school closures, large event cancelations, and other aggressive steps'  …
Per @TheAtlantic California can test 6,000 a day for #coronavirus/ #COVID19. Wash. can test 1,000 a day. " #Oregon, situated between the California and Washington hot spots, can test only about 40 people a  …
Influenza vs #COVID19: Influenza: Mortality is usually well below 0.1% COVID-19: Mortality appears higher than for influenza, especially seasonal influenza  #coronavirus 
Ice hockey: Women's world championship canceled over coronavirus outbreak  
SF Reports Additional Cases of Novel Coronavirus in San Francisco Residents. Media availability at 3pm with Dr. Susan Philip, San Francisco Deputy Health Officer, at 25 Van Ness, room 610. 
 at me coronavirus, you little bitch 
But the American people questioning whether the First Lady, married to the most threateningly powerful man in America, looks like Marie Antoinette for showing a picture of making a custom made tennis court during the coronavirus epidemic is absolutely #BeBest because it’s just.
New York coronavirus cases jump to 76; Gov. Cuomo declares emergency  … via @msnbc
How the Trump administration squandered time and lost control of the coronavirus crisis - The Washington Post  …
I understand the fear of Coronavirus, but WTF... 
Coronavirus can’t stop the drip 
This is massive news. Italy set to quarantine whole of Lombardy due to coronavirus  …
BREAKING NEWS: Elk Grove Unified School District cancels classes for all schools after a family tests positive for #coronavirus.  after an internal email surfaced showing school leaders knew a relative was exposed to an infected person & kept that info CONFIDENTIAL. 
Reverse cowgirl so I don't catch coronavirus when she coughs
“Children are no less likely than adults to  infected with the new coronavirus, but they are less likely to get seriously ill from it.”   …
If @realDonaldTrump wants to slow the growth of #COVIDー19, we should implement a temporary Universal Basic  of $1,000 a month to allow Americans to have the sick time they need, while also stimulating the economy and helping businesses. #CoronaVirus #UBI @SpeakerPelosi
This story of how the coronavirus test kits were needlessly delayed giving the virus a head start is a cautionary tale of why centralized bureaucracies don’t work.  …
The Italian government is set to place the whole region of Lombardy and other provinces, 16 million people, in lockdown as it battles to contain the spread of the coronavirus, banning people both to enter or leave the quarantined region and provinces  …
JUST IN: Six new coronavirus cases in San Francisco
Does anyone wonder if this epidemic had happened on . @mattbevin’s watch, whether he’d be  Coronavirus parties in Harrison County?
A map of #Italy's regions that will be likely put under a policed lockdown tomorrow in a desperate attempt to stop the #coronavirus epidemic. Includes major cities such as Milan and Venice This is what China did in January. This will help focus minds in the rest of Europe. 
FDA head says 2.1 million coronavirus tests will have been shipped to labs by Monday  …
I feel like I’m the only one who isn’t worried or even thinking about the coronavirus whatsoever...like ok so there’s a confirmed case in my city and??????? I take my vitamins, wash my hands, sterilize my organs with vodka regularly, tip my server... karma & God got my back
$400 HAND SANITIZER: As demand for hand sanitizer and face masks surges amid the coronavirus outbreak, prices in physical and online stores are also surging — and there's not much authorities can do about it. Read more via @business:  
While the outbreak of coronavirus has been causing havoc with sporting fixtures around the globe, a top of the table soccer clash in Germany remained unaffected, attracting a full house instead 
Coronavirus doing numbers on your people. Be safe out there  …
NEW: San Francisco reports 6 new cases of coronavirus, raising city's total to 8  …
The White House began Friday w an apparent lie. Our latest Sunday deep dive on the coronavirus crisis, w @yabutaleb7 + @bylenasun.  
my hands ashy as shit from washing them too much fuck coronavirus
#US #California #LA confirmed coronavirus case from the @AIPAC meeting in Washington DC that had 19,000 attendees including many members of US  …
Disney Parks Chief Medical Officer Addresses Concerns Regarding the Coronavirus Outbreak (COVID-19)  
This sort of seems unprecedented anywhere in the western world: Italy set to quarantine whole of Lombardy due to coronavirus  …
#HappeningNow on #OANN: Vice President Mike Pence participates in a press briefing on the coronavirus. Tune in for live coverage!
encouraging diverse candidates  to my coronavirus hackathon, where we will all hang out in an enclosed space for 12 hours a day and definitely not get coronavirus
#CoronaVirus A) As someone who has had my social media platforms overtaken by algorithms, robots, haters ever since the trunp photo, I find it fascinating that it seems there are so many actual people posting about how upset they are about Rtump’s #GrandPrincess terrifying...
Disabled people have been fighting for  for decades. Often without success. It shouldn’t take a pandemic to ensure an expansive interpretation and provision of  #COVID19 #Coronavirus #CripTheVote
Taleb says  on coronavirus panic being ‘dumb’ is what’s dumb  …
Brighton Pride organisers when Mariah cancels cause of coronavirus 
The Vatican said Pope Francis will not address crowds at St. Peter's Square, and will also not hold his general audience this Wednesday amid the #coronavirus outbreak in Italy  
#Breaking: Coronavirus death toll in #Iran has exceeded 2000, per @Mojahedineng. Cover-up & lies about horrific scope of the crisis continue. It is time to invoke RtoP. This regime cannot & will not protect the ppl of Iran. Watch @maryam_rajavi 
I'm sorry about your mom. The "pneumonia shot" likely was the Pneumococcus pneumonia #vaccine. That and yearly #influenza vaccination help prevent infection, but only from those "bugs." Good idea, especially in flu season! Unfortunately, there is no vaccine for #coronavirus yet.  …
Gun Nut Congressman Was Also 1 of 2 Reps to Vote Against Coronavirus Funding:  …
CDC: 80,000 people died of the FLU last winter in U.S. By ASSOCIATED PRESS SEPTEMBER 26, 2018 @biotechtrader34 @BeejPrice WAKE UP - LOOK AT THE STATS IT’S ALL ABOUT MAKING TRUMP LOOK BAD #COVIDー19 #Coronavirus #CalmDown #CoronavirusUSA  
The health and safety of the American people is President Trump's number one priority! Yesterday he signed into law an $8.3 billion funding bill  the coronavirus. 
NEW: Washington state reports 22 new cases of coronavirus and 3 new deaths. Raising U.S. total to 401 cases, 19 deaths.
FDA head says 2.1 million coronavirus tests will have been shipped to labs by Monday  
Leader of Italian Democratic party has coronavirus  …
“Squandered time: How the Trump administration lost control of the coronavirus crisis” — a big weekend dive by @AshleyRParker @yabutaleb7 &  …
Coronavirus: Italy to tell people not to enter or leave regions worst-hit by outbreak  …
As millions of Americans fear the spread of the coronavirus, you choose to tweet, again, about your new tennis courts. I am not being negative to point out that America’s @FLOTUS flaunting this lack of empathy inflicts further harm. I am asking that you  …
This is the line to get in to Costco in #Westchester a suburb of NYC The line stretches for several blocks as the parking lot is filled to capacity as millions are waking up. State of Emergency has been declared for #NewYork over #coronavirus outbreak and it’s effects visible 
Leader of Italy's Democratic Party contracts coronavirus  
Wonderful #MAGA supporters-I'm with you! The last straw-Coronavirus or whatever the lying libtards call it IS A #Hoax!! It doesn't exist! We'll prove it. Everyone, meet up in huge groups in small spaces, don't wash ur hands, keep touching ur face, visit alleged "virus" wards. RT!
I want you to look, take a good look at @NicolleDWallace and @esglaude. I want you to see the sheer joy that they cannot hide, the smiles and laughter that people might die from Coronavirus and that it will damage President Donald Trump. These are psychotic people.  …
We should have named the Coronavirus the Tulsivirus since it won’t seem to go away and nobody wants it. @TulsiGabbard
An infectious disease specialist answers coronavirus questions, from “What scares you?" to "Should I bring my child to the pediatrician? (Yes.) 
The new coronavirus has sickened very few children, puzzling experts  … via @nbcnews
Pence mocked for praying with coronavirus task force at White House. @VP can pray at home or at his church. What we need at governmental level is not prayers, but effective response &  So far, he has miserably failed on both  …
Many great threads about schools moving online because of #coronavirus I'll only add this demonstrates importance of: Pedagogy Educators who tinker with tech Educators who experiment & share their practice publicly Instructional designers Open tools, resources, and practices
Never let a good crisis go to waste... In the wake of the Coronavirus, Sexual Revolutionaries are now trying to excuse sexually deviant behavior as a way to prevent getting sick.  …
Saw this today: Due to coronavirus (COVID19), all TCP applications are being converted to UDP to avoid handshakes....
Roughly half of republican voters say virus is not an imminent threat. POLL: Trump’s Flagrant Coronavirus Lies Are Turning His Supporters Into Carriers  …
Northern Italy on lockdown till Apr 3. None to enter or exit Lombardy, parts of Piedmont, areas around Venice, Mantua, Padua. Movement within red zones only for “undeferable business”. Affects 16 million people. #coronavirus #lombardy
It's interesting that Trump, a notorious germophobe in the demographic most likely to be seriously affected by coronavirus, carries on as if he is immune. His extreme narcissism doesn't explain it. He's always been obsessed with his mortality, taking huge measures to protect it.
BREAKING: Passengers are being held aboard a Carnival Cruise ship at the Port of Long Beach as city officials confirm one person is undergoing coronavirus testing.  …
Amid a coronavirus outbreak in the United States, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is encouraging older people and people with severe chronic medical conditions to "stay at home as much as possible" 
I just heard on Fox that it's not clear why Italy has been such a focal point for the coronavirus. Come on, now. Do they do any research at all? Italy has a special trade relationship with China and is usually overrun with tourists from the Chinese mainland. That's why.
Oh my God: With Trump, there is always, *always*, a grift angle. Did his administration reject the WHO #coronavirus tests because Trump will personally profit from US tests? This is why we have Presidents divest from their business interests, people.  …
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan to cover costs of coronavirus tests for its members  …
Trump “downplayed the threat—‘The Coronavirus is very much under control in the USA,’ he tweeted in late February—and became a font of misinformation and confusion, further muddling his administration’s response.”  …
People who are panic buying .... You’re literally putting more people In danger than the coronavirus 
It’s a respiratory ailment. It doesn’t make your arse explode. FFS. #coronavirus  …
There’s a coronavirus scare and all they want to figure is how to shift our labor to the online world.
Could coronavirus bring about the 'waning of globalization'?  #coronavirus 
Funny how the bomb impeachment is a distant memory thanks to coronavirus. What incredible timing.
#Coronavirus #toiletrollcrisis Nobody puts bogroll in the 
At ground zero of the entire Coronavirus outbreak in the US, they don’t have enough test kits, according to Life Care. They only got 45, have 63 patients. 
Fact check: White House falsely claims the coronavirus has been "contained" in the US  
There is *no evidence* that garlic, water, vitamin C, essential oils, colloidal silver, or steroids will protect you from coronavirus, no matter what you read on the internet 
In a world that has gone off its frikkin tits with #Coronavirus and panic buying #toiletpaperpanic FFS ....thank the lord for Sir Tom Jones!!! #Legend x x x
This man dropped out of college, worked as a parliamentarian assistant, managed to get elected and then ends up running the health service of the country. Most medical experts says shut down public gatherings, schools & unis. But this guy knows more. We. Are. Fucked. #coronavirus  …
Onze captain #heeaja #ajax #coronavirus 
Stuck inside Long Beach cruise terminal and it looks like we won’t be going anywhere. Coronavirus scare and people are being held on the Carnival Panorama. Getting all my news from Twitter as they are not sharing anything here #COVIDー19 
Coronavirus. Italian law decree blocks Rossi and part of the paddock at home: The government will issue extraordinary measures for Lombardy and 11 provinces (including Pesaro and Urbino): no can enter or exit except for serious family- or work-related…  
San Jose is potentially doing a moratorium on evictions due to coronavirus... meanwhile Los Angeles can't even get a moratorium on events where 20k+ people get sweaty and bump into each other  …
The public should be more scared of white males than coronavirus. They are a menace to society 
Astonishing to think a month ago Italy had just three confirmed cases of #coronavirus - how many more went undetected? And how many are NOW going undetected here in UK, where confirmed cases are more than 200?
Italy to adopt new draconian steps to fight coronavirus: draft decree  
Influenza vs #COVID19: Influenza: Children are important drivers of influenza virus transmission in  COVID-19: Initial data indicates that children are less affected than adults & that clinical attack rates in the 0-19 age group are low #coronavirus 
The global outbreak may actually be fueled by two variants of the same coronavirus: one older and less aggressive and a newer version whose mutations may have made it more contagious and more deadly, according to a controversial new study.  …
It's still not clear whether the message that the coronavirus is a real problem, not a PR issue, has made it through. Albany gets it; Sacramento gets it. The White House? For the first time I'm getting seriously scared 4/
I have NEVER seen bleach sold out. How were people living before coronavirus? MY GOD.
Trump officials delayed coronavirus epidemic plans because the president thought it was an overseas problem: report  …
When WHO named novel coronavirus as COVID-19 on Feb 11, it was aimed to avoid stigmatization, by not mention a geographical place, an animal or group of people. But at press briefing Mar 4, Mike Pompeo still called it “Wuhan virus”. What it tells us about his low qualification?
"The number one problem is hysteria and fear, as opposed to the virus," @NYGovCuomo told me on @MSNBC. "Right now, the fear and the panic are worse than the #coronavirus." #COVID19
I don’t want to die of the coronavirus. Some stupid glorified flu. I want to die choking to death on a piece of perfectly cooked steak as God intended
Coronavirus Kelly. Let's get this going viral please. 
Bad news. Coronavirus is mutating rapidly. The most recent strain can no longer be cured by purchasing huge quantities of toilet paper. Your move, science.
Wow. Milan, Venice, entire Lombardy region  #coronavirus lockdown. Entering and leaving is forbidden. Schools, theaters, gyms, cinemas, pubs closed. Scary stuff.  …
My uncle, my father’s oldest brother, just passed away in hospital in Italy, from Coronavirus. We are, of course, gutted. He was 88, an engineer, fascinated by US politics and a loveable scoundrel.
Our province Venice is locked down No one get in ..No one get out #coronavirus
I’ve determined that Coronavirus doesn’t sound black enough to get the Republicans to take it seriously. But it’s a close thing. If we were fighting “Africanized Coronavirus,” we’d be preparing appropriately. But if it was Tyrone’s Virus they’d be ready to nuke Seattle.
If current trends continue, novel coronavirus will defeat President* Trump at the ballot box in November.  …
"I'M NOT GOING TO NO CHINESE OR ASIAN RESTAURANTS CUS CORONAVIRUS" -People who religiously get dysentery burrito bowls from Chipotle every Tuesday.
@PaulaReidCBS: Why didn't they [send out ##COVID19 tests & prepare hospitals] while it was contained? Get ahead of it? @KellyannePolls: It is being contained. And, do you not think it's being contained? #CoronavirusOutbreak #coronavirus 
Coronavirus won't  a "real" thing in America until someone high in the current Administration catches it and dies or causes someone else in their "so called" high status circle to die!!
REPORT: This population is at ‘double risk’ of getting, spreading coronavirus  … via @realdennislynch
#Breaking: Netanyahu plans to mobilize children, who "thank G-d" are not affected by #coronavirus, to disinfect Israeli railway stations, bus stations & other public installations in Israel with bleach. Not making this up. 
As Trump bashes our governor and the streets of Seattle get emptier, it's starting to seem like we're being cut off a bit from America — if not blamed for the novel coronavirus outbreak altogether, columnist Danny Westneat writes. 
No more refills: U.S. airlines step up measures to guard against coronavirus  
coronavirus to the rest of human society 
Was Joe Arpaio and Judge Roy Moore not available? Freedom Caucus right wing extremist must have been chosen by Putin to divide America. A dramatic shake-up in the middle of the coronavirus crisis.  … via @slate
Jörmungandr Succumbs To First Recorded Case Of Human-To-God Coronavirus Transmission  
Daily Mail readers react to infant Archie not flying during a coronavirus scare versus the Cambridges possibly canceling the unconfirmed Australia tour because of coronavirus concerns (top  for each): 
I just heard a mayor say that the coronavirus has been found to live for only a minute or two on surfaces, as opposed to the 9 days we have been hearing. Has anyone else heard this? Why isn't this being mentioned all over the news? Is it because it doesn't add to the panic?
Guys don’t worry about the US response to the coronavirus we have a very effective administration that routinely listens to scientists and experts oh wait we’re fucked
How is this not inciting violence, basically labeling the children/grandchildren/nieces/nephews of 63 million Americans as a threat on par with #coronavirus???  …
CORONAVIRUS STOP ITTTTTTT. Like for real STOP
I know it’s an uncertain time. Public health experts are working flat out, our health care professionals are incredible & all of us - in Ireland & abroad -are seeking to do everything we can to contain the spread of the #coronavirus. We’re all in this together. Support each other 
Trump’s pattern is to create crises by ratcheting up his rhetoric and then “solve” them by dialing it down. Coronavirus is the first major crisis Trump confronts that he did not create, and his response so far has been execrable. 
TMZ reports that Justin Bieber downsized stadiums to arenas for his ‘Changes Tour’ in some cities due to the Coronavirus. 
Trump Weekends in Florida as Fear of the Coronavirus Rises | The New Yorker  …
Airlines: Lowering prices because of Coronavirus Amtrak: 
TONIGHT ON ‘JUSTICE’ at 9PM ET: Be sure to tune in tonight to watch my exclusive interview with Vice President Mike Pence discussing all of the latest on the Coronavirus pandemic, including the efforts being made by the Administration. 
This is important info. If you've been following closely you'll know we've been raising the alarm on the so called 'fecal-oral' transmission route for #coronavirus. Basically the virus can infect your gastro-intestinal system, in addition to your respiratory system. See below..  …
This Shanghai botanical garden set up online tours so people can experience the cherry blossom season while the park remains closed from the #coronavirus outbreak 
"This is not a drill. This is not the time to give up. This is not a time for excuses. This is a time for pulling out all the stops." The World Health Organization has warned governments to take significant action to contain the spread of coronavirus. 
China Cannot Explain Deaths of 'Cured' Coronavirus Patients  …
*Relevant states getting coronavirus cases* Wyoming: 
Things banned at Mass by Catholic Church due to Coronavirus: - Shaking hands - Hymn books -  wafers - Sharing chalices Things not banned: - Passing a collection plate around the entire congregation to collect widely circulated cash & coins  …
Don’t know what this says about me but I am COMPLETELY OBSESSED with reading everything I can about the coronavirus. It’s a morbid pursuit that always ends with nightmares, like how reading about serial killers before bed used to fuck my head up when I was a teenager.
Important. We do not have any confirmed cases of coronavirus, but we are ready and prepared to prevent the spread of this disease.  …
Utah governor declares state of emergency, reports first case of coronavirus 
Tune into @FoxNews now where I will discuss the coronavirus!
All Elk Grove Unified District schools to close for week over coronavirus fears 
Top U.S. officials unable to say how many Americans have been tested for coronavirus 
MOTHER OF GOD. The Coronavirus Outbreak Has Led To Costco Pulling Free Samples From Their Stores  
I don’t want 2020 to be defined by the Coronavirus.I want it defined by the removal of the most menacing, lawless,witless,racist and divisive President in American history, and the purging of the most unethical group of fucking bastards ever to set foot within the Senate.
Breaking: Coronavirus infections increase. NY Declares State of Emergency. Immediately hiring workers to assist local health departments in monitoring 1000s of self-quarantined patients. Cuomo: ”Somebody has to go knock on their door once a day.”  …
Due to #COVID19 all TCP connections have to be converted to UDP to avoid handshakes #coronavirus
Trump Could Profit Personally From Coronavirus Testing  …
Two patients who tested positive for the novel coronavirus have died, the Florida Department of Health announced Friday night 
Anyone still want to tell me "don't worry about coronavirus, worry about the flu"?  …
Why are people stockpiling toilet rolls & pasta? Paracetamol & tissues I could understand, but unless people are coughing through their butts or pushing pasta spirals up their nostrils to prevent a runny nose, I'm failing to understand the logic here. #coronavirus
“There has been a notable transmission of COVID-19 at events, such as religious gatherings. As a result, we  social distancing and forgoing usual greetings." B.C. #COVID19 number now at 27 cases. Update on COVID-19 cases in B.C.:  #coronavirus
Kids in cages. Coronavirus. Tornado and hurricane victims......  …
#PressRelease 2019 Novel #Coronavirus (COVID-19) Advisory - One New Case of Confirmed #COVIDー19 in Los Angeles County. Total number of cases for the county is now 14. View  
Oklahoma allergy season and coronavirus happening at the same time is going to be really fun. I just watched a lady in Target spray another lady in the face with hand sanitizer after she sneezed.
Coronavirus Fatality Rate* 80+ years old: 14.8% 70-79 years old: 8.0% 60-69 years old: 3.6% 50-59 years old: 1.3% 40-49 years old: 0.4% 30-39 years old: 0.2% 20-29 years old: 0.2% 10-19 years old: 0.2% 0-9 years older: No Fatalities #coronavirus #COVID19 
Matt Gaetz made light of coronavirus by wearing a gas mask. Now one of his constituents has died.  …
Support Asian restaurants in Pittsburgh that are seeing a decline in their businesses due to racist coronavirus fears. Szechuan Express, Ginza, Pho Minh, Thai Gourmet, Taiwanese Bistro Cafe 33, Soju, Nak Won Garden, Ban Mi & Ti, Everyday Noodles are just a few of my favorites!  …
im gonna win this rlcs for my team best believe im gonna flex the “RLCS Season 9 Coronavirus Champion” title
If coronavirus keeps moving like this we may have to cancel the election, polling places sound like a significant public health risk
Italian girl  Malta's first coronavirus case  
If Glee was still around there would be an entire episode where Emma has a breakdown over the coronavirus and Will would sing Yummy to her or something irrelevant like that
"Due to the spread of coronavirus, please avoid physical contact" 
Did you know that last October, Johns Hopkins hosted a Coronavirus Pandemic “Simulation” Exercise?  …
The Grand Princess, the San Francisco-bound cruise ship with 21 confirmed #Coronavirus cases on board, is now sailing south down the coast of California. Passengers are not sure where they're headed.
This was taken at the Abbotsford Costco,give me a break And she is eating a sample too #coronavirus 
Simple actions like washing your hands and sneezing properly help prevent the spread of germs and viruses, like coronavirus. Here's what the CDC  for protecting yourself from the spread of COVID-19. 
Trump officials delayed coronavirus epidemic plans because the president thought it was an overseas problem: report  …
To have a clear idea of the situation #coronavirus #motogp 
Remember that we lose one hour of sleep tonight because of daylight savings, and eight hours because of coronavirus.
Thank you for fighting corruption. Thank you for having a great plan to fight the novel coronavirus. And thank you for your sense of humor...   …
These are the precautions you should take to protect yourself from #coronavirus: 
Starbucks will no longer fill your personal cup because of the coronavirus  
The coronavirus has killed a 55-year-old Iranian lawmaker 
An under-reported, yet totally gross part of the #Coronavirus response has been all these public places and transportation providers saying “don’t worry, we’re gonna clean things now.” I’m like “NOW? Before you could save ten cents being NASTY, but NOW being gross is a bad look.”
Medical genius Matt Hancock has suggested people regularly wash their hands with boiling water as a precaution against coronavirus. An over-stretched A&E doctor begged, "Please don't do anything Matt Hancock says, we just don't have the capacity to deal with 3rd degree burns."
Standing infront of the school Gate to pick an Accra  from Aflao. Coronavirus: 
Remember when all the same news media did the same thing to us 6 years ago: #COVID19 #coronavirus 
Coronavirus spreading in California from passengers on Grand Princess cruise  …
 to the conclusion that the coronavirus was Developed and unleashed on the world by the toilet  
3 notable aspects for economics/finance: Having noted how #China is containing the coronavirus, #Italy is considering a measure that was unlikely/unthinkable not so long ago Economic impact: deeper supply/demand disruptions Fuels fear-related overreactions,there and 
Coronavirus bill overloaded with Pelosi's 'Christmas-tree ornaments,' says Republican who voted against it *$1.25 BILLION $TO OTHER COUNTRIES!! * ⁦ @SpeakerPelosi⁩ needs to  …
Several newspapers now reporting this from Italy. If a ban on entry and exit of Modena happens how will @ScuderiaFerrari be able  in the #F1 season opener or following races? #coronavirus 
tired: sending your old Biden-supporting relatives stories about Bernie. wired: sending your old Biden-supporting relatives stories about Coronavirus and the dangers of public places such as polling booths.
Reminder: my work is heavily tied to retail trade. Not the slightest drop in activity today. I have nothing to do with people hoarding toilet paper and hand sanitizer. There is no Coronavirus panic out there: the MSM is simply making it up.
If America experiences anything like Italy has with the coronavirus outbreak, it could majorly disrupt our November elections (& possibly the census next month). Every state should be making it very easy to vote by mail as soon as possible  …
Scientists: Coronavirus is dangerous and highly contagious. People: *panic buys all the hand sanitizer in the entire country* Scientists: The earth is round. People: Well, now, hold on a minute...
Mitch has voted at least 6 times against funding for medical research and immunization programs. AND this week he held up vital funding  the coronavirus. He cares more about Big Pharma than ensuring the country has resources we need to respond.  …
Your party is losing in the polls/ballot boxes. Coronavirus is being mishandled by your president. People have lost confidence in the ability of Republicans to govern. Trump said he is taking away "entitlements". You're concerned with time change?  …
Coronavirus outbreak, Italy: March 7: 5,883 cases March 4: 3,089 cases March 1: 1,694 cases February 27: 655 cases February 24: 231 cases February 21: 20 cases February 18: 3 cases
Stop what you're doing and watch this video to understand why the coronavirus is such a severe threat (yes, more than the flu) and how action today can change the course of the disease.  …
Latest information about the #COVID19 outbreak: WHO Situation Report 7 March 2020  #coronavirus 
China is  hot mess with filth, disease and corruption. Or as Bernie calls it, paradise! Hotel Used for Coronavirus Quarantine Collapses in China, Leaving 70 Trapped  via @BreitbartNews
Coronavirus is a flu like a lion is a cat.
Italian coronavirus cases leap, government to take new steps  
Amtrak says it is temporarily halting Acela nonstop train service between Washington, D.C. and New York, due to decreased demand as the coronavirus outbreak continues. 
Looks like the good people of Australia are thinking the Coronavirus gives you the shits, much like fellow gormless Brits. 
Gonna post some screenshots gleaned from this useful piece because of the paywall. It would be a public service if @nytimes let #coronavirus articles be available outside of the paywall.  …
I am at @Target and everybody is stocking up on toilet paper and water. I am buying panties, potato chips & chocolate. I am doomed. #coronavirus 
The president of the Association of Flight Attendants union criticized Trump over his haphazard response to the coronavirus outbreak, warning it was putting “both my members and the traveling public in harm’s way." @realDonaldTrump  … #via @HuffPostPol
tfw you're prepared for a toilet paper outage b/c of coronavirus 
The 4 new Coronavirus deaths reported today were all patients at Life Care Center of Kirkland. That means 14 of the 16 deaths in our state are linked to the nursing home. 
China Cannot Explain Deaths of 'Cured' Coronavirus Patients  via @BreitbartNews
German coronavirus cases jump, economic anxiety rises  
With 102 coronavirus cases, including 16 deaths, now confirmed in Washington state, here's a post explaining the numbers. (Including why you may be seeing different ones floating around.) Also: 14 of the deaths are linked to a Kirkland nursing home.  …
The fear of the coronavirus is likely to be as or more destructive than the virus itself.
I don’t know if anyone has pointed this out to you @realDonaldTrump but it appears the number of people infected with the coronavirus in America have not decreased from 15 but have skyrocketed.
FDNY issues order pulling back firefighters from calls describing coronavirus symptoms; says it is prioritizing responses and using EMS EMTs and Paramedics as the canaries in the coal mine. If you need a firefighter they will be relaxing in the firehouse.  …
Watching the movie “Outbreak” during the #coronavirus outbreak makes me trust Government even less than I did before
um does coronavirus have anyone else discovering that they apparently don’t wash their hands right 
I'm not surprised that the CoronaVirus is in Far Rockaway. Far Rockaway has it all by now AIDS, HIV, STD's, CoronaVirus, The T-Virus, Dinosaurs, you'll find it all down there.
One thing the threat of the #Coronavirus outbreak has made clear is that we must stop relying on China for critical medical supplies. That’s why I’m cosponsoring the MEDS Act to improve transparency in our Rx supply chain & help prevent future shortages.  …
Willing to contract the #coronavirus for $250k. Will immediately go into self quarantine as to not to spread or infect anyone else. Will document entire experience daily. Always put my money (I guess body now) where my mouth is. HMU to negotiate exact terms. Let's do it!
Rep. Matt Gaetz wore gas mask while House voted on coronavirus response bill  … via @usatoday
Hello out there. We're in lock down mode here in The @GalwayClinic. No visits unless critical or in ICU & thankfully I'm neither. So important to heed the advice given, for all our sakes. #Corona #COVID19 #coronavirus 
As Trump's mishandling of coronavirus continues to tank the economy, don't forget that everyone must wash hands before returning to being out of work.
Yoh how many times do we have to say DON'T GO TO HOSPITAL. Call the hotline & they'll direct you accordingly  to you. By going to hospital/clinics/GP when you're exhibiting coronavirus symptoms, you're putting other already sick patients & healthcare workers at risk.  …
We now have a COVID doctor on call, COVID Nurse on call, COVID Base, COVID phone, COVID email....we didn't know this virus existed a couple of months back! #Coronavirus #COVID_2019
Salesforce, the largest private employer in SF, asked its nearly 10,000 employees to stay home amid #coronavirus outbreak. 
Another unfortunate byproduct of Coronavirus. People who didn’t used to wipe down their seats on planes are now doing so but self consciously, causing them to strike up conversations with their seat-mates. This must stop.
Other people with fever- I think I should stay home and rest for a couple of days. Coronavirus patients- 
If you’ve ever been to The Missouri State Fair you’re immune to the coronavirus.
#NCDCInTheNews “The time it takes to counter fake news takes valuable time and resources away from trying to contain the spread of coronavirus” @Chikwe_I on how we are managing misinformation around #COVID19 Read  …
Following #NewYork's lead, #California orders insurers to waive out-of-pocket costs for #coronavirus testing. All states should do this immediately! #SARSCoV2  …
Paul Krugman launches devastating tweetstorm indicting ‘man-child’ Trump  explosion of coronavirus cases  …
Italy is preparing to lock down large parts of its north, including the Lombardy region around Milan, in Europe's most sweeping step against coronavirus 
How many times have these oligarchs profited from catastrophe...? #Coronavirus 
China’s dystopian coronavirus ‘Back to Work’ campaign — The Chinese Communist Party is desperate to get people back to work and spend, hoping iffy algorithms tracking the population can substitute for widespread quarantines. What could go wrong?  …
CORONAVIRUS LATEST: The death toll in the U.S. has risen to 19.  —New York declared a state of emergency. —A quarantine hotel in China collapsed. —Utah and Hawaii confirm 1st cases. —The Pope canceled Sunday prayer gathering.
Remember when @mattgaetz made fun of the coronavirus? Well, one of his constituents just died from it. Wonder how he will wise-ass his way out of this mess? 
It's hard to wrap your head around how aggressively terrible the government response to coronavirus has been. This looks like the Trump administration's Hurricane Katrina.  …
Thirty-four people had been rescued from a collapsed hotel in China that was being used as a coronavirus quarantine.  
Coronavirus symptoms include a runny nose, cough, sore throat, headache and a fever that can last for a couple of days. 
In an effort to circumvent coronavirus, I’m now greeting you by giving your penis a firm handshake.
What we do when a #COVID19 patient needs an operation! Operating room preparation and guidance from experienced anesthesiologists in Singapore  #CoronavirusOutbreak #CoronaVirus #Anesthesia #anaesthesia #anesthesiology 
I have plenty of money, so that’s not a problem. But in order to be truly happy, I need 2 things: 1. A cure for the Coronavirus, so life can get back to normal. 2. A way to make delicious food non fattening, so I can actually eat pizza and not just drool over pizza pics on @Yelp
BREAKING: First case of coronavirus confirmed in Moldova.
Coronavirus: New York declares state of emergency as number of infected patients rises  …
There's the coronavirus. There's a beautiful test for anyone who needs it. There's no woman left who can be President for another 4 years. And there's wine and fries (yes, with mayo) for a day when you just  May you each find  today! 
I know this is cheesy, but it’s important to me that I say this about the current fears surrounding coronavirus. 
Passengers on coronavirus-struck ship near San Francisco stuck in queasy limbo  
#Chinatown @aajadc lunch meeting — doing our part to support America’s Chinese restaurants in the age of the #Covid_19 #coronavirus.  – at Reren Lamen & Bar
The brutal islamic regime n cruel Mullahs in Iran allowing #coronavirus outbreak to engulf the entire country. they are responsible for thousands of deaths inside and outside of Iran. We are asking  to help us ASAP. 
At least we know Donte Moncrief is safe from getting Coronavirus. He can’t catch anything
WAIT! "JUST MAYBE...Trump was an investor in the hotel? Surely THAT must be impeachable, right Nance? Nance??Hotel Used to Quarantine Victims Exposed to Coronavirus Collapses in China, Dozens Missing  …
How a simple fault and red tape botched the CDC’s coronavirus testing. 
Solutions to a Coronavirus Crisis. - We need “right to try” laws. - We need virtual doctor visits. - We need some form of “doctors lite.” You don’t need an MD and $500,000 in medical school debt along with 4 years of a residency to help patients with coronavirus.
No worries about CoronaVirus out here rn 
This is how scientists believe coronavirus affects the body. 
5 miles south of the Life Care Center of Kirkland, where the #coronavirus has killed residents and sown fear, a prestigious private school is going remote. But that’s a luxury most public school districts in WA don’t have. Here’s why.  … #waedu
Two people in Senator @marcorubio’s state have now died from the Coronavirus, but he is focused on being dramatic about setting your clocks forward.  …
#WHO says very optimistic about #Iran's anti- #coronavirus fight, vows full support  …
If it was due to the coronavirus it would have been cancelled altogether, just admit you’re not selling, Justin.  …
If you have ever been to a foam party at Tav you are immune to the Coronavirus.
Public concern about the spread of the #coronavirus is rising. President Trump, meanwhile, evidently decided that the situation isn’t serious enough to keep him in Washington.  …
If you ate here growing up, you're immune to the Coronavirus. 
"This is the most frightening disease I've ever encountered in my career." Richard Hatchett, the doctor leading efforts to find a vaccine for coronavirus. Watch the full interview!  …
Rt if you agree... President Trump restricting travel when he did saved countless American lives from #coronavirus!
NBA: prepare to play games with no fans due to coronavirus WNBA:  …
We urge @KingCountyWA residents to follow guidance to reduce the risk of #COVID19 in  There are currently no restrictions on who can be tested for #coronavirus,  testing is  more available.
For real though, Muslims BEEN prepping for Coronavirus No shaking hands Washing 5 times a day Covering your face BONUS POINTS: Lota in your washroom for when the toilet paper shortage hits Experience with fasting for when the food rationing starts 
Please tell us. Did you do this when the U.S. had the swine flu pandemic in 2009 under Obama? It killed 12,000 Americans with nearly 60 MILLION cases in the United States alone? #COVIDー19 #CoronavirusUSA #Coronavirus #CalmDown  
WHO will continue to work with all countries, our partners and expert networks to coordinate the international #COVID19 response, develop guidance, distribute supplies, share knowledge & provide people with the information they need to protect themselves & others #coronavirus 
In Oslo. There’s coronavirus but no panic buying. Probably a reason for that.
I can confirm that there are zero cases of the coronavirus in hell! Come to hell we like it hot!
Dawsey as “Patient Zero” Quite a tale from my friend & colleague @jdawsey1 about his visit to an emergency room when the docs feared he had coronavirus  …
Due to the #coronavirus all TCP applications and being converted to UDP to avoid handshakes. Unfortunately these connections will  less reliable
In China, streets are full of gas because of #Coronavirus-disinfection procedures In France, streets are full of gas because #Macron hates the #GiletsJaunes #YellowVest protest movement The vid was recorded in #Lyon today on the 69th consecutive Saturday of Anti-Macron 
Serious question do I need to stop ordering takeout because of coronavirus?
coronavirus made flights so cheap to the point that you can all chill with your internet hoes.
Chinese Hotel Used As Coronavirus Quarantine Site Collapses; Dozens Trapped Are these new cases China has reported ?  …
Squandered time: How the Trump administration lost control of the coronavirus crisis, by @AshleyRParker @yabutaleb7  …
All Hospital Beds In The US Will Be Filled With Patients 'By About May 8th' Due To Coronavirus: Analysis | Zero Hedge  …
BREAKING: Moldova reports first case of coronavirus  …
JUST IN: France reports 296 new cases of coronavirus today and 7 new deaths. A total of 949 cases and 16 deaths.
Las Vegas banned homeless people from sleeping on the sidewalks, which led to homeless people now literally sleeping in the sewers. Not because they want to. But because they have to. We should fix their horrible situation before the coronavirus  a devastating epidemic.
My new coronavirus public greeting: 
This coronavirus hitting right in the middle of primary season is just another reason that states should be using mail in ballots-less lines, more time, higher turnout, a paper trail and more time to validate proper votes. #CoronavirusUSA
Midland University’s Fremont campus will be closed effective immediately through March 15. This is a preventative measure to mitigate, suppress, and delay the spread of COVID-19 (coronavirus). For further information, click here: 
If you ever swam in Fern Ditch you’re immune to the Coronavirus
Italy announced sweeping new measures to try to contain Europe's worst coronavirus outbreak 
How many people have been tested for coronavirus? We filed FOIA requests for those numbers, and for directives related to testing.  
Can we start calling the coronavirus the "Orange Plague"?
Matt Gaetz made light of coronavirus by wearing a gas mask. Now one of his constituents has died. I wonder if his supporters are laughing now.  …
if u ever used the public restrooms on the beach u are immune to coronavirus
Doctors are working endless shifts. Many stay in the same hazmat suits the entire time, without food, water or bathroom breaks. This is life on the coronavirus front lines. 
"Combine this scenario’s inevitable economic consequences with the optics of the president’s blundering and solipsistic response, and the coronavirus seems very likely to doom Trump’s re-election effort, no matter where he casts the blame."  …
I really hope this coronavirus dies down by summer. Imagine if they cancel major events like carnival. Jesus take the wheel.
How tf did the coronavirus get to far rockaway? The train don’t even go there
tip 176: need the most clean and sterile environment to stay safe from coronavirus? look no further 
Tom Brady owning Coronavirus 
Thank you @NCDCgov & the Govt of #Nigeria for the SWIFT & TRANSPARENT way you have shared the #COVID19 sequence from the country's first case. This a true act of SOLIDARITY and an important step in stopping the #coronavirus from spreading further - @DrTedros Dir. Gen. WHO
CORONAVIRUS LATEST: - 57 cases in Westchester County - 11 cases in New York City - 4 cases in Nassau County - 2 cases in Rockland County - 2 cases in Saratoga County To heck with it! Let’s Day Drink! #coronavirus
I hope you get the coronavirus  …
A Chinese woman named Wang Mei is demanding to know why her “cured” husband died of the coronavirus five days after he was released from a Wuhan medical center. 
"a month and a half before the first COVID-19 case not linked to travel was diagnosed in the United States. The World Health Organization (WHO) began shipping coronavirus testing supplies to nearly 60 countries by February, but Trump didn’t want those kits." #COVID19
Wow. You got a rude note. You poor thing. Meanwhile, your orange fuhrer is literally spreading disinformation about the coronavirus that will get thousands killed and you couldn’t care less.
NBA: prepare to play games with no fans due to coronavirus WNBA: 
If you are a poll worker in any of the  primary elections and you have been given a Coronavirus protocol sheet or any instructions on how it will be handled in your state, please DM me if you are willing to share that info with me. Thank you. #CoronavirusUSA
Donald Trump heads to the golf course during Mar-A-Lago visit just days after saying he's 'too busy' to have annual physical and brushing off concerns over lack of coronavirus testing kits  …
If you survived SUNY Oswego frat house parties, you’ll survive the Coronavirus.
If you're a news outlet using a photo of Chinatown, Flushing, or just any, unrelated Asian in your coronavirus articles, you're perpetuating racism. Cut it out & start working with us  this misconception causing real harm in   …
tbh you have a better chance of getting syphilis at SXSW than you do coronavirus
Today, after careful consideration and based on recent reports about the spread of coronavirus (COVID-19), we are announcing the cancellation of the AMIA 2020 Informatics Summit. #IS20  …
Matt Gaetz made light of coronavirus by wearing a gas mask. Now one of his constituents has died.  …
@mattgaetz is suddenly “concerned” about a Florida man dying of Coronavirus, just after Gaetz wore a gas mask in House chambers to mock Dems calling for attention to this public health crisis. What a waste of a seat in the House of Representatives, Florida.
“The coronavirus epidemic will weaken the economy, and that weakness is likely to last an  long time.” ⁦  …
Coronavirus is some bullshit and y’all letting the Media scare people into canceling festivals and etc. if ya immune system ain’t weak , you not an infant or senior citizen you Good
The privilege of the rich & middle class to stockpile supplies during a crisis as demonstrated with the current panic around the coronavirus is a stark reminder that capitalism always operates at the expense of the working class & poor who are always left to fend for themselves.
Classic health editor response from @eisey when she heard that @jdawsey1 had been very sick and had a coronavirus moment in the ER: "Do you want to write a first person?"  …
Azar contradicts Pence, says there's no coronavirus testing kit shortage | TheHill ⁦  …
Rasht, N #Iran Rasoul Akram Hospital Voice says the hospital is full & they're not allowing this sick old man inside. He appears to be suffering from the coronavirus. Millions of Iranians are at risk due to the regime's refusal to properly address the epidemic. 
the coronavirus can be spread online through trading limiteds
Just heard of an orgy cancelled due to coronavirus it’s getting real folks
#Iran in turmoil: #Coronavirus kills the 'butcher' of  …
Amtrak to suspend nonstop Acela trains between DC, NY amid coronavirus concerns  
Gas Mask Gaetz is sad because one of his constitutents was dying of Coronavirus while he mocked the outbreak. Not so funny now, is it you jackalope?  …
#Italy is set to lock down the #Milan region and several other northern areas to fight Europe’s worst coronavirus outbreak, Bloomberg reports. The measures, in force until April 3, will ban entering or exiting the affected area. 
Things to do during fears of #coronavirus spread: Wash your hands Avoid touching your face Be patient Things not to do: Cough/sneeze into the air Panic Be intolerant  that don’t look like you We’re all in this together.
NEW: Number of deaths from coronavirus in the US has climbed to 19, with 2 new deaths reported Saturday in Washington state, officials say. 
EXCLUSIVE | The FDNY is pulling firefighters from answering medical calls that describe symptoms associated with coronavirus. Calls for asthma attacks, fever, coughs and difficult breathing will be handled by the EMS. 
China has armed #COVID epidemic control personnel with a high tech smart helmet that can automatically measure passengers-by temperature when they enter a 5-meter range. The helmet will ring an alarm if anyone has a fever - #coronavirus 
Everyone stop blaming the Trump administration's poor response to Coronavirus on  That's not it, it's being done with intent. They are withholding tests so that in turn keeps numbers artificially low. People are dying so that Trump's ratings don't take a hit.
We must stop, contain, control, delay & reduce the impact of this #coronavirus at every opportunity. Every person has the capacity to contribute, to protect themselves & others, whether in the home,  the health care system, the work place or the transport system 
CNN just reported a hotel in China being used to contain coronavirus victims has collapsed. It just keeps getting fucking worse and weird.
There should be multiple ads using this image in the next cycle. Matt Gaetz made light of coronavirus by wearing a gas mask. Now one of his constituents has died.  …
Germany have had 800 cases of Coronavirus yet they say no one has died. Odd that other countries with similar amounts of cases have recorded deaths !!! Are they being truthful??
The White House is counting on a retired Army colonel and former Obama appointee to help lead the administration’s response to the coronavirus as the outbreak spreads across the country and claims more lives. 
Amtrak cancels nonstop Acela service between DC, NYC due to coronavirus. This is a major route for both political and business travel on the East Coast.  … #Amtrak #CoronavirusUSA #COVID19
Congratulations to the winners of the Coronavirus Drug Discovery Competition @mattroconnor @ThomasMM17 & @tinka_vidovic ! Using open-source data and algorithms, they found several potential #COVID19 
yesterday i decided to take an uber to class..me & my driver made small talk, after we reached my school, my uber driver said thank you for not canceling my ride when i saw he was asian. hes been struggling to get rides due to coronavirus panic. i was devastated cause are yall fr
Coronavirus Update with Stefan Molyneux! "We’re looking at about 1 MILLION US cases by the end of April, 2 MILLION by ~May 5, 4 MILLION by ~May 11, and so on. "Exponentials are hard to grasp, but this is how they go..." 
#BREAKING Carnival cruise ship's disembarkation suspended in Long Beach due to passenger's 'medical matter'; patient 'does not meet CDC criteria for coronavirus risk,' cruise director says 
Matt Gaetz thought it would be funny to wear a giant gas mask on the House floor to mock the panic over the coronavirus pandemic. Now one of his own constituents has died. Idiots like this have no business taking up space in jobs meant for public servants. 
Wall Street and the White House have starkly different views on the coronavirus, adding to a sense of anxiety as the number of cases grows 
We’re Gonna Beat Coronavirus Off Once And For All  
LeBron James on playing sport behind closed doors due to Coronavirus: "Play games without the fans? No, simple answer. I ain't playing if we haven't got the fans in the crowd, that's who I play for. If I show up to an arena & there are no fans in there, I ain't playing." 
So it's not 5,861 people tested in US, it's 5,861 specimens "FDA & HHS can’t say exactly how many people tested for coronavirus in US"  …
Daegu hospital worker infected with coronavirus hid his identity as a Shincheonji cult member  …
JUST IN:Italy is set to lock down the Milan region to fight Europe's worst coronavirus outbreak Looks like Italy is gonna try Mass quarantine’s like China did #CoronaVirus
Where is the coronavirus public awareness campaign in Australia? Has anyone seen any ads? Don't we need something to counter the fear-mongering? #auspol
State of emergency due to coronavirus: - California - Florida - Kentucky - Pennsylvania - Utah - Maryland - Indiana - New York - Washington Nevermind that though. Watch this tee shot. 
Highlight of the night is when Fidel handing out hand sanitizer to the whole ass party, really out here preventing coronavirus 
Here’s part (the key part) of a note written by a prominent west coast physician, who is in contact with CDC, to her patients, updating them about coronavirus testing kits: 
Combat the Coronavirus now! Boost your immune system with nature’s best products. Order online at  
Three days after the below tweet, Rep. Gaetz issued this statement announcing one of his constituents died from the coronavirus:   …
Let’s start another panic buying session...what shall we suggest ... ok here’s mine.. scientists have discovered Marmite is the only cure for #coronavirus and in fact using toilet paper causes the #Coronavirus to enter your body via your rectum FACT
Our reporter @jackhealyNYT is covering the coronavirus outbreak in Washington state. Debbie de los Angeles invited him to shadow her family as they searched for answers about her mother’s care at the Life Care Center in Kirkland. Then the worst happened.   …
Arundhati Roy on Delhi violence: ‘This is our version of the coronavirus. We are sick’  … via @scroll_in
JUST IN: Italy is set to lock down the Milan region to fight Europe's worst coronavirus outbreak 
Egypt confirms another 33 coronavirus cases from a Nile River cruise boat that was already tied to 12 cases 
Can’t say coronavirus is a problem if you’re not testing people. Kind of like how the soviet officials treated Chernobyl.
JUST IN: FDA & HHS can’t say exactly how many people tested for coronavirus in US. In off-camera WH briefing today officials confirm 5,861 specimens have been tested by fed, state, local labs, but since people often get more than 1 test, it’s not a 1:1 ratio.
How American airlines are cleaning planes in response to new coronavirus outbreak  …
Pssst. I'm gonna let you all in on a little secret. This too ( #CoronaVirus mania) shall pass & the market will rebound to even greater heights than before. The propaganda arm of the Dem Party (aka the #FakeNews media) is working in concert w/them to try & impact the election.
Say what you will about Joe Biden or Bernie Sanders, but they absolutely believe in science and would be putting the scientists front and center instead of trying to manage coronavirus like a political scandal.
Mindless tribalism in action. “Democrats are about twice as likely as Republicans to say the coronavirus poses an imminent threat to the United States, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll conducted this week.”  …
I have Google Alerts set up to catch extremist language and threats. The coronavirus is putting some stress on social systems I hadn't expected. The Coachella Valley in CA is a retirement haven where the average population is quite a bit older than elsewhere in the US.
You’d think with someone dying from #coronavirus in @mattgaetz's district, he’d take it seriously. NO, it doesn't affect him at all. Just like most of his mistakes in  …
If you got Coronavirus HMU cuz I’ll pay you to cough on my ex
Why are people stocking up on bottled water re coronavirus? If the tap water is drinkable now, why would that change? It’s not like preparing for an earthquake, where the waterlines could go, reservoirs destroyed.... I am not arguing. I just don’t get it.
Matt Gaetz made light of coronavirus by wearing a gas mask. Now one of his constituents has died.  …
due to the coronavirus I will no longer be passing my blunt
Bruh FAR ROCKAWAY...... as in THE FAR ROCKAWAY. As in QUEENS FAR ROCKAWAY...... now how the hell did the Coronavirus get all the way here 
A lot of people treat the coronavirus fatality statistic like an immutable fact of the virus--and thus a thing to be *discovered*--rather than the aggregate effect of a variety of institutional and governmental public health decisions (and thus a thing to be changed)
Look man. I just wanna know when can I start callin out of work and blaming the coronavirus and still get paid for it?
We approve @TheOnion title: "Bat Scientists Urge Colony To Reduce Spread Of Coronavirus By Sneezing Into Wing" #COVID19  …
fighting coronavirus one nut at a time  …
This upsets me especially when I remember that Matt Gaetz mocked the coronavirus outbreak on the House floor this week. Two dead in Florida after testing positive for the coronavirus.  …
. @WHO: worldwide there are now 101,927 confirmed cases of COVID-19, which is caused by the coronavirus; 5 new countries and territories reported cases of COVID-19: Colombia, Holy See, Peru, Serbia, and Togo.  …
Coronavirus in Murrieta? That’s no problem. I’ve swam in lake Elsinore, that water makes me immune to it.
Rep. ⁦ @mattgaetz⁩ made light of coronavirus by wearing a gas mask. Now one of his constituents has died.  …
These doctors and nurses are dancing to keep their spirits up during the fight against coronavirus. 
Bats, snakes, or pangolins - which animals transmitted the #coronavirus to humans? Danielle Anderson, a virus hunter, tells @RichardEngel she is "90 percent certain" it originated in bats. #OnAssignmentMSNBC 
NHS advice encourages people to wash their hands regularly to reduce the risk of contracting the #coronavirus and to self-isolate if they fear they have  infected. Both are almost impossible for homeless people. This is urgent,  …
If Coronavirus ends up affecting production of Xbox Series X and/or PS5, my hunch (and that's all it is, obviously) is that the consoles won't get delayed (as the TurboGrafx-16 Mini just did), but rather the supply will be pretty limited for a while, a la Wii and 360.
. @WHO We told you that helping the Iranian through the I.Republic is not working. You should check their performance on the prevention of #coronavirus in Iran. The medicines you donate are sold by the IRGC at a high price in the market. 
"The Bible tells us, don't worry about it - pray about it. Don't worry about anything. God is bigger than the coronavirus."  … @greglaurie
Expert tells American Hospital Association to brace for ’96 million’ coronavirus cases: leaked report  …
The Department of Health confirms three new cases of coronavirus in Northern Ireland which brings the total number of cases to seven since testing began
If Twitter has thought me anything today, it’s that the primary remedy  coronavirus symptoms is vigorously wiping your ass raw  …
They say alcohol kills the Coronavirus... I’ve been preparing for this pandemic my whole life... 
Be kind to help reduce stigma & fear of #coronavirus. Learn the facts Support affected people Share the stories of those who have recovered More tips from @WHO:  
US Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Dr. Stephen Hahn: As of Friday at 6 p.m. ET, 5,861 tests for coronavirus have  by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and public health labs.
Allowing uncontrolled #COVID19 spread should not be a choice of any government, as it will harm not only the citizens of that country but affect other countries as well  #coronavirus 
Somewhere in that stack of rules and regulations was a way to deal with Coronavirus effectively. 
Can’t wait for it  out that the only reason we’re not implementing travel bans to stem the spread of the Coronavirus is that some TD has a wedding to go to in Italy in April
Reality is a part of Trump's base will be fine with coronavirus as long as it takes out the libs. If we go they go. Burn it all down absolutism. Their desire to inflict pain and cruelty outweighs even their own survival. They will ride Trump into the blazing sunset.
As more states learned they have rising numbers of confirmed cases of coronavirus, the EPA made an important announcement: it is moving closer to finalizing a policy for restricting what health studies it can consider for any of the EPA’s scientific work.  …
As coronavirus continues to spread around the world, religious leaders across several faith traditions are modifying practices and adjusting services. Here's a look at some of the ways that religions are adapting to the threat. 
The themes around the coronavirus and attending church that have been developing here are really important. I simply want to stress that if you have pre-existing conditions and are worried, let me reassure God WILL NOT judge you if you stay home & we pray his blessing on you
Studies show that reading Augustine’s Confessions reduces Coronavirus anxiety by 67% in clinical studies. Join us for a study of Book 5 tonight from 7-9pm ET. #Tollelege
The world faces #coronavirus and the United States has a President who... -- says windmills cause ear cancer -- says lightbulbs cause cancer -- says vaccines cause autism -- stares into eclipses -- promotes stopping wildfires w/ rakes -- calls #ClimateCrisis a "hoax"
Yesterday, Peter Lloyd asked 'How long before 'Coronavirus: Women Most Affected.' It looks like it  (conclusion seems to be, roughly, that more men have died, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't be more concerned about women's potential to die):  …
As cases of the coronavirus surge in Italy, Iran, South Korea, the U.S. and elsewhere, many scientists say it’s plain that the world is in the grips of a pandemic — a serious global outbreak. 
Coronavirus now officially impacted more states than the Bloomberg campaign...without a single ad...
Public concern about the spread of the coronavirus is rising. President Trump, meanwhile, evidently decided that the situation isn’t serious enough to keep him in Washington. 
The are currently 395 cases of coronavirus in the U.S. The @CDCgov site says 164  
Did you know you’re supposed to wash your hands for at least 20 seconds. How are the environmentalists dealing with all that running water #coronavirus
went on a store today to buy mots:7 and i found 3 armys in the kpop section wearing the bts mask inside the store and i heard them saying that now w the coronavirus they have an excuse to wear the bts mask everywhere eye,,,
*flashlight under chin* She had  obsessed. Writing & laughing to herself. They had no choice. The call was made. Now they were here. An old epidemiologist and a young epidemiologist from the CDC. They would exorcise her & end the coronavirus tweets.
Italy to announce new measures to try to stem coronavirus contagion  
The Coronavirus went to Far Rockaway? Oh this virus is type gangsta.
NEW: 2nd French politician tested positive for coronavirus, both are hospitalized. Five others being tested.
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo declared a state of emergency following new #coronavirus cases in the state. More:  
coronavirus or an opportunity to travel the world for half price with half the crowds if a bitch gets sick so be it
Half of the republican party denies the Coronavirus is an imminent threat. Donald Trump has  the leader of the dumbest suicide cult ever -  …
Donald Trump personally delivering Coronavirus test kits. 
Does the #coronavirus make you shit yourself to death then? Why the hell is everyone stockpiling #toiletpaper ?!
I snorted cocaine off of the back of a toilet at a gay bar in the Castro in the 90s. Come at me coronavirus.
Coronavirus: Ambulance chiefs consider facial hair ban 
The Coronavirus seems to have really exposed the selfishness of people. The idea of "oh I'm not elderly so it wouldn't affect me" pisses me off. It's not about you. It's about your parents, and grandparents. Think of someone besides yourself.
Fake-deadly CoronaVirus manufactured-scare-crisis is way more boring than Fake World War III was.
Afia Schwarzenegger kissed Chariman today .... two CoronaVirus mouth 
Since the #TDS-biased media is would rather freak ppl out about #Coronavirus (to make @potus look bad), slow your roll & get the truth from ret Navy Seal,  …
LeBron says he won't play if fans can't be in attendance due to the coronavirus. (: 
the coronavirus should’ve never reached the US to begin with.
Melania Trump Tantrums Over White House Tennis Pavillion As Coronavirus Kills Americans  …
Milan may be shut down due to coronavirus but check out this through-running! 
Daylight saving time should be canceled this year due to the Coronavirus. RT if you agree.
Coronavirus mortality rate likely to drop, health experts say  
Have I missed somthing ? Where does it say that Coronavirus makes you shit yourself? Fucking Gammon pricks..  …
"You may now wink at the bride..." (image courtesy of Franciscan Brothers of Peace) #Catholic #humour #coronavirus #coronvirusuk #cornoravirus #Corvid19 #panicbuying #panickbuying #toiletpaperpanic #toiletpaper #CoronavirusUSA #CoronavirusInSA #coronavirusaus 
If you want to understand Republicans' approach to the Coronavirus pandemic just take a look at how they've approached the gun violence pandemic.
Not today, CoronaVirus. Not today. 
WOW! I posted a video about the rich in northern Tehran enjoying medical supplies against the coronavirus while millions of Iranians don't. Now the video is designated as having "potentially sensitive content." Seriously @Twitter? Are you helping #Iran's regime in 
If you stayed at the Travel Lodge in South Philly (especially during an ECW weekend).You are indeed IMMUNE from the coronavirus. 
Coronavirus is a queer health issue. We don’t know how it will interact with HIV. We know members of  are uninsured. We care for our elders. We care for our chosen kin.
. MAGA HEALTH - THANK TRUMP / U.S. w/ LOWEST COVID RATE per CAPITA Thank Trump for the United States Having Such a Low Per-Capita Infection Rate of Coronavirus .  …
Ignore what experts are saying and watch what governments are doing. #coronavirus  …
I’ve seen stories on how some insurers are promising that most standard benefit plans will cover coronavirus diagnostic fees but are there laws or rules in place to make sure providers of test kits don’t set exorbitant prices? Anyone know or can refer an expert on this? DM me
#Coronavirus: How does the Covid-19 outbreak end? - Vox “Without an effective vaccine, I don’t know how this ends before millions of infections,” Nathan Grubaugh, an epidemiologist at the Yale School of Public Health, says.  …
Tim Hortons cancels the paper cup portion of Roll Up the Rim amid coronavirus fears  
Anatomy of a train wreck: “Trump and many of his aides were initially skeptical of just how serious the coronavirus threat was, while the president often seemed disinterested as long as the virus was abroad”  …
Trump’s Approval Rating Over His Handling Coronavirus Is Crashing Down, Down, Down…  …
Severe Social Distancing Cut 1918 Spanish Flu Death Rate by 30%-50% #coronavirus #CoronavirusUSA #CoronaVirusUpdate  …
Trump squandered time & lost control of the coronavirus crisis. “Public health officials are warning that no one knows how deeply the virus will spread due to gov’t flawed rollout of tests has snowballed into an embarrassing fiasco of national proportions” 
Trying to prepare for the Coronavirus by going to a crowded store where random people have been touching everything  …
Trump said that anybody who wants a coronavirus test can get a test. But Sec. Azar just said that an individual cannot get a test unless their doctor decides to order a test.
Birds of Prey has broken a profit without the majority of the Asian market thanks to the Coronavirus. Anyone saying this film is a failure or box office flop no longer has a leg to stand on. 
Bro stop hoeing around and help the coronavirus patients  …
Italian government decided to put Lombardy (where Milano is located) and 11 other provinces on lockdown due to the outbreak of coronavirus. Entry and exit will be only for serious reasons  …
UPDATE: 48 people have been tested for the #coronavirus in New Mexico. All negative. Meantime, surrounding states Arizona, Colorado, Texas, Utah and Oklahoma all have confirmed cases. 
"Scammers taking advantage of fears surrounding spread of #COVID19"  … via @nikitha_martins @NEWS1130 cc @picardonhealth #coronavirus Chiropractic? Nope. Homeopathic? Nope. Naturopathic? Nope. Supplements? Nope. Bleach? NOPE! Ignore noise. @WHO
Embedded in the USA Patriot Act was Section 817, the Expansion of the Biological Weapons Statute, which gave the US government immunity from violating its own biological weapons laws. #Coronavirus  
In the midst of a Coronavirus pandemic, Melania trump is upgrading a Tennis Court as a personal project. People rightfully criticized her because it shows she’s doesn’t give a shit. She’s now telling her critics to Be Best whilst her disgusting husband allows a virus to spread.
#SoSickOf Trump treating Coronavirus like a PR problem rather than the life and death public health risk that it is.  …
Protect yourself from the virus. Get a #MAGA mask today! ‘SNL': Mike Pence takes on coronavirus with 'MAGA' face masks; Democratic contenders object  … via @usatoday
Gaby flew herself out to dude house, got fucked, kicked out, called the police claiming she had the coronavirus cuz she was homeless, came back to his house for the night, got ran, then got kicked out a second time lmfaooo  …
Leeds United: Due to the threat of coronavirus please refrain from any high fives, hugging etc in the ground Leeds fans 2 mins into the game:  …
Every effort to contain the #coronavirus and slow the spread will: save lives give health systems and all of society more time to prepare give researchers more time to identify effective treatments & develop vaccines  
2 Members of Parliament in France and a total of 23 members of Parliament in Iran have tested positive for the coronavirus
Working from home because of coronavirus like ... 
In South Korea, the coronavirus has struck in places where some of society's most frail — the mentally ill, the disabled, the elderly — are institutionalized. Pockets of infection have hit psych wards, group homes and nursing hospitals:  …
Republican Congressman Matt Gaetz wore a gas mask on the floor of the House of Representatives to make fun of the coronavirus concerns. Now one of his constituents has died.  …
Saudi Arabia shuts all schools in eastern region's Qatif province to avoid the spread of coronavirus, SPA says 
WHO calls on all countries to continue efforts that have been effective in limiting the number of #COVID19 cases & slowing the spread of the #coronavirus  
Did You Know? Bill Gates Funded The PIRBRIGHT Institute, Which Owns A Patent On Coronavirus; The CDC Owns The Strain Isolated From Humans 10K Military Personnel From 110 Nations In Wuhan China Weeks Before Coronavirus Outbreak  …
Listening to Trump speak during this Coronavirus pandemic has made me realize without a doubt, one thing. If I had a dollar for every smart thing Trump has ever said, I'd be poor.
PERSON: should i still go to the gym even with the coronvirus out there? ME: buddy i wouldn’t even go to the gym if the coronavirus vaccine was there
Matt Gaetz made light of coronavirus by wearing a gas mask. Now one of his constituents has died.  …
The Coronavirus- Don't panic but be prepared. A few thoughts: The chart is why we need to be proactive. Flatten the curve. Spread out cases so that Hospitals and infrastructure don't get overwhelmed. If the spread is too quick, we don't have the beds/supplies to handle it 
Ciara is the latest musician to postpone a concert because of the rapidly spreading coronavirus 
Supermarket Coronavirus update. Overheard in Waitrose: a lady shouting at a shelf stacker for “not wearing gloves”
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on the Coronavirus Situation: We are acting on both the national and international levels. In the past 48 hours, we have seen a rise in the rate of infection.  …
if you say DJ Love Light in the mirror of a dark bathroom on the night of a full moon during the witching hour, you will be able to manifest the coronavirus in your city
While people are dying in your state from the coronavirus, it’s good to see you’re focussing on the really important stuff @marcorubio. You have officially  Mr.  …
Coronavirus death toll in France mounts to 16 with 949 confirmed cases  
U.S. FDA HEAD SAYS 1.1 MILLION CORONAVIRUS TESTS HAVE BEEN SHIPPED TO NON-PUBLIC HEALTH LABS U.S. FDA HEAD SAYS ANOTHER 1 MILLION CORONAVIRUS TESTS WILL BE SHIPPED TO NON-PUBLIC LABS BY MONDAY
Squandered time: How the Trump administration lost control of the coronavirus crisis 
If you have ever used a Darien Lake porta potty, you are immune to coronavirus
y’all so scared to catch the coronavirus when you know damn well it burns when you pee
My perspective on #COVID19 as #BMT doc who cares for immunosuppressed patients - pls ignore anyone who says don't worry about #CoronaVirus! The last time docs/healthcare folks cancelled conferences and travel was ... NEVER (at least in my lifetime)!!
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo declares state of emergency over coronavirus, says CDC was caught "flatfooted"  …
NEW: Melbourne doctor tested positive for coronavirus. He continued seeing patients while having symptoms. At least 70 patients affected.
I wish people would put the Coronavirus aside for a second and show Melania Trump a  for her new tennis courts.
I never had doubt.. Was telling my guys here that Nigeria would easily handle Coronavirus. We bright like that.. Na just bad government we get
this fan page is coronavirus freethis is a safe healthy place for everyone who doesn’t have coronavirus wash your hands and then retweet to let your mutuals know there is no coronavirus on your account
How testing failures allowed coronavirus to sweep the U.S. The Trump administration’s decision to forgo a World Health Organization test and create its own had fateful consequences, experts say.  …
Very good story on Trump administration and coronavirus response by my colleagues @AshleyRParker @yabutaleb7 @bylenasun:  …
#BREAKING. #Italy puts the whole region of Lombardy and other critical zones under strict isolation to tackle #coronavirus emergency: entering/exiting will be prohibited
Matt Gaetz made light of coronavirus by wearing a gas mask. Now one of his constituents has died.  
Trump's Approval Rating Over His Handling Coronavirus Is Crashing Down, Down, Down...  …
This is ALL Phillips fault...we know whose been spreading this #coronavirus 
122 The new hotline number for #coronavirus #COVID19 in Kurdistan is 122 which will be operating 24/7
Kids who drank from the garden hose growing up are immune to the coronavirus
In Syria, you are more likely to die from US economic sanctions than from the #coronavirus
Officials in California were deciding Saturday where to dock a cruise ship with 21 coronavirus cases aboard.  …
Outstanding job numbers for February (plus revised upward number for January), are a positive sign that the Trump Economic Boom is continuing, even with the worries about the coronavirus.  …
Coronavirus got these Spirit flights costing a pack of gum and a handshake
Report: China’s February Trade Surplus With U.S. Plummets, Coronavirus Blamed  … 
A lot of people who went to AIPAC are going to die from the coronavirus for watching the MyPillow guy give a presentation on how we need to level the West Bank and replace it with an Under Armor outlet
For those of you keeping score at home: Coronavirus U.S death toll - 17 Hillary Clinton U.S death toll - 294
My Sunday column: The Coronavirus is Coming For Trump's Presidency:  …
You just mocked this in Congress and now want to pretend to care. Where was the concern b4? I know someone in Fl that cant get tested her & her whole family is sick and cuz you arent doing enough people will die on my life I promise I wont let you forget it. #coronavirus  …
We’re Gonna Beat Coronavirus Off Once And For All  …
& others are demonstrating that spread of the #coronavirus can be slowed & impact reduced through universally applicable actions -identify people who are sick, bringing them to care -following up on contacts -preparing & clinics to manage a surge in patients -training 
"Some of you should've been canceling yourselves all along" -sassy Coronavirus
Dear Chelsea, You haven't won back to back Premier League games since the 9th of November, big 2019. This is giving me serious bipolar, doctors say it will cause more harm than any coronavirus could. I'm demanding from the deep depths of hell. Win tomorrow, or consequences.
Coronavirus watching Scooter blame it for Justin Bieber’s bad ticket sales 
if you’ve swam in lake meridian you’re immune to coronavirus
The FDA administrator finally announces how many coronavirus tests have been performed in the U.S. so far: 5,861 There are 376 cases of the disease confirmed in the U.S. right now, per @JohnsHopkins Via @JenniferJJacobs
BREAKING. #Italy puts the whole region of Lombardy and other critical zones of Piemonte, Emilia Romagna and Veneto under strict isolation to tackle #coronavirus emergency and contain its spread: entering/exiting those areas will be prohibited.
NEW: Greece reports 21 new cases of coronavirus, raising country's total to 66  …
Critical announcement - #NYC will care for the uninsured  forward with symptoms of #Coronavirus. New case in Queens & more quarantine, NYS has declared a state of emergency. Feds need to support a #sickleave fund for those without paid leave in low  jobs  …
New York's Cuomo declares emergency as New York reports 76 coronavirus cases.  …
me and the boys, boosting our immune system and raising our white blood cell count to fight coronavirus 
Search and rescue efforts are underway after about 70 people were trapped in a hotel collapse in southeastern China, officials in the city of Quanzhou said. The hotel was used as a coronavirus quarantine center, state media outlets confirmed. 
Live view of efforts to control #coronavirus without testing capacity 
Just back from mass and find it curious how you’re not allowed bless yourself with the holy water or offer the sign the peace but by god, you’re still allowed pass around the collection basket #coronavirus
The past 24-hours of #coronavirus: What you need to know right now  
We can beat this together #coronavirus 
Politico: “We Predicted a Coronavirus Pandemic. Here’s What Policymakers Could Have Seen Coming”  via @politico
I can confidently predict that, after 70 years, rationing will return to the UK within the next 18 months. If elements of the British public can't act responsibly during this #Coronavirus crisis, there's no hope when the sh*t really hits the fan after December 31st. We're doomed!  …
Banning the Kiss Cam is a coronavirus precaution I can really get on board with
Some countries are bolstering their surveillance & testing capacities to identify #COVID19 cases early. They are sharing data about cases so that the rest of the world can understand how the #coronavirus transmits & who is most seriously affected 
I am at heart a realistic optimist. I believe countries & individuals can be persuaded to fight the #coronavirus more forcefully. We at @WHO are continuing to issue guidance & steps for how to do so & providing other support  #COVID19
Slowing spread of #coronavirus buys time for: -health systems & societies to prepare -researchers to identify effective treatments & develop vaccines I feel strongly that no country should opt for allowing uncontrolled spread. It will harm its own citizens & others
I call on all countries to continue taking steps that have proven to be effective in limiting the number of #COVID19 cases, slowing spread, and saving lives as a result  #coronavirus
The global number of confirmed #COVID19 cases has surpassed 100,000 today. It’s a sobering moment but it’s also important to remember that this #coronavirus can be contained & the spread slowed. Facts & evidence support this 
Mr. President you DID say people infected w #COVID19 #coronavirus should go to work. @realDonaldTrump "So if, you know, we have 1000s or 100s-of-1000s of people that get better, just by, you know, sitting around & even going to work — some of them go to work but they get  …
Someone who graduated with a master’s degree & who worked in Shenzhen Hospital (Guangdong Providence, China) recently sent out the following notes on Coronavirus for guidance: If you have a runny nose and sputum, you have  cold.
Coronavirus "survivor" had a 3 hour fever of less than 100 and not a single symptom since there.
Oh my lord, coronavirus is claiming the lives of the most powerful in Iran. I RTed this video when Iranian parliament member Fatemah Rahbar avoided @AlinejadMasih questions. Today...the virus has claimed Rahbar’s life. Rest In Peace to her and all.  …
why this celebration needed on women's day? it's just a normal day and while economy slowdown, coronavirus danger, shaheen bagh protest going on, yes bank crisis if you celebrate women's day. shame on you.
"We take the risks of Coronavirus very seriously and we're doing everything we can to minimise person to person contact." 
University of Washington Medicine has the #coronavirus #covid19 test and -- have had it for some time. This is why he's attacking Governor Inslee. He wants to be able to take credit if there's an  …
Israel closes Bethlehem, bans citizens from entering or leaving until further notice under the pretext of risk of infection by Coronavirus 
I urge you to consider this principle now as It pertains to your handling of the Coronavirus. 
1/n: Thinking about the intersection of a coronavirus pandemic and what looks to be an early-onset wildfire season in CA: If  need to utilize social distancing+quarantine, what happens during large-scale evacuations?
NEW: Second island resort in the Maldives put on lockdown after 2 guests and a doctor show symptoms of coronavirus - Reuters  …
. FAKE NEWS - CAN / SHOULD MEDIA be SUED for CORONAVIRUS HYSTERIA? Can the Coronavirus-Panic-Creating Media be Sued for Closed Businesses and Lost Jobs? .  …
President Donald Trump is using a global crisis to praise himself as the coronavirus continues to spread in America and the administration bungles its response.  … via @HuffPostPol
CDC & @VP has Americans in imminent danger. #CoronaVirus tests are not available or is the mandate for automatic testing. "It's one thing that you don't do anything to help us, but at least don't handcuff us, & that's where we are right now"  …
First Lady Melania Trump is tantruming over criticism that she is spending her time building a White House tennis pavilion as Americans die from coronavirus. #BeBest  … via @politicususa
Dear God: May coronavirus not  a full scale pandemic May it lead to the abolition of the handshake and the normalization of bidets. Amen.  …
Italy is drafting a decree with measures to prevent the spread of coronavirus which includes closing ski resorts, museums, cultural centres and cancelling leave for healthcare workers in Lombardy and 11 provinces
Nigeria's only Coronavirus patient has recovered. Nigeria has also published the first African SARS-CoV-2 genome sequence, from the Coronavirus ( #COVID19) case in Nigeria.
listening to Lana Del Rey boosts your immune system against the coronavirus
