New York Governor Andrew Cuomo says state not ready for "high point," as coronavirus death toll rises  
It's funny how black liberals (aka ideological slaves) attack me online and tell me I'm "not invited to the cookout". Y'all ain't having cookouts anyway during this Coronavirus lockdown. I ain't missing a damn thing. Period.
1,224 coronavirus deaths in America today. Today! Lord, have mercy.
Taiwan enjoys extraordinary success containing #coronavirus without imposing any shutdown on civil society or the economy.  …
Captain Crozier Saved His Crew From Coronavirus. He Is a Hero. It is difficult to do the right thing when one must pay a personal price. But of course we expect our soldiers to die, so they are clearly prepared. I have great respect for Captain Crozier.  …
Coronavirus Update: NYPD announces deaths of 2 more of its own as almost 19% of their uniformed workforce is out sick 
Number of coronavirus intensive care patients in Italy drops for first time  
In New York City, a funeral home’s struggles with mounting deaths from the coronavirus pandemic hints at what’s  across the United States 
The #CDC has known for years that this is an effective treatment for Coronavirus. YEARS.  …
In Canada’s coronavirus fight, front-line workers miss their families, fear the worst and hope they’re ready. Dr. Kanna Vela shares her story as one of many who is in isolation from her loved ones while she treats patients at work 
The cast of characters in the coronavirus crisis look very similar to the ones in 2008 
JAN 30 WHO announced that COVID-19 is a Global Health Emergency & Trump creates WH Coronavirus Task Force JAN 31 TRUMP declares COVID-19 a Public Health Emergency & issues a ban on travel between the US & China FEB 2 The very first COVID-19 death outside of China was reported
CORONAVIRUS TIMELINE DEC 31 China treats 100's of cases of COVID-19 JAN 17 CDC: Low risk of  to USA JAN 21 1st case of COVID-19 in the US JAN 24 CDC: Risk of Americans contracting COVID-19 is low JAN 28 WHO: China did a great job dealing with COVID-19 outbreak
Even as @fema is focused on responding to #coronavirus in all 50 states, they are also preparing and maintaining operational readiness for other disasters, including severe weather and the  hurricane season. Thank you to the vigilant men and women of FEMA.
Pres. Trump discusses opening the country as coronavirus peak approaches. 
Many Americans' deaths from the coronavirus will have been avoidable, @nickkristof writes, calculating that some 90,000 people may die because the U.S. did not tackle Covid-19 as firmly as South Korea 
pov: ur a yoghurt and i am reaching for u at the supermarket but my face is covered because of coronavirus 
Chelsea Clinton appeared to mock Jared Kushner's role in Donald Trump's coronavirus task force.  … via @HuffPostPol
The year is 2021: We’re still on coronavirus lockdown Half the world is dead Live music doesn’t exist anymore Bands are doing the same acoustic stream every day I’ve graduated from eating bananas in the shell to swallowing thumbtacks & setting myself on fire on the internet
Proposed use of Hydroxychloroquine on #coronavirus patients: "inaccurate," "irresponsible," "displays... dangerous lack of expertise on COVID-19 and Pandemic response."  …
IMPORTANT: In order to shift quantum field to positive timeline, all people need to do #Ascension Timeline/End of #Coronavirus meditation at same time doing same #meditation! Find meditation in your language:  Find your time zone:  
Patricia Bosworth, the renowned author who penned several biographies of Hollywood’s biggest stars, is dead at 86. Bosworth died in New York City from pneumonia brought on by coronavirus. 
“The Daily Show With Trevor Noah” hails the “Heroes of the Pandumbic” in a critical new montage that features footage of Fox News hosts, GOP lawmakers and right-wing personalities playing down the threat of the coronavirus.  … #via @HuffPostPol
#cdnpoli #uspoli #coronavirus #CoronavirusPandemic The brainiacs at the Globe & Mail spent a week pondering this & have finally concluded nighttime is dark. Opinion: Canada’s handling of the pandemic so far is putting the U.S. to shame /via  …
We could be stuck in #coronavirus quarantine for 2yrs and I couldn’t get my golden doodle to do anything but bite a hole in the ball and then run off and hide it in the woods... 
Latest update on how Trump is responding to coronavirus. 
Testing for coronavirus antibodies could identify the potentially millions of Americans who catch the bug without developing symptoms 
Tennessee 6-year-old with cystic fibrosis beats coronavirus: ‘Thank you God,’ mom says  …
Homeless still staying in emptier Penn Station amid coronavirus  
The nation will today join in the Prime Minister #NarendraModi's call to switch off lights of their homes at 9 PM for 9 minutes and light up diyas, candles or mobile flashlights to display the nation's collective spirit to defeat #coronavirus. 
Clinical trial for a coronavirus treatment is being fast-tracked by Rutgers  …
Reported US #CoronaVirus cases: 0 to 100,000 cases: 66 days 100,000 to 200,000 cases: 5 days 200,000 to 300,000 cases: 3 days #COVID19
Y’all sound stupid as HELL thinking 5G giving y’all coronavirus
CDC Doctor 1: "Curing coronavirus was simple, once we really put our minds to it" CDC Doctor 2: "Indeed. By repeatedly harassing women who don't support Bernie Sanders on Twitter, we were able to spark a chemical reaction in which..."
Coronavirus latest: at a glance  …
have we tried just...making coronavirus illegal?
“Can I ask you about the link between coronavirus and 5G mobile signals??” 
When this coronavirus epidemic is over we need to always remember what China did to us. No more made in China. Make all USA prescription drugs and health care items in America  …
Watch: Who can leave the house amid Dubai's 24-hour disinfection  #Coronavirus 
This kind of reasoned, balanced and provable thread is the kind of Coronavirus stuff we need. No axes being ground, no conspiracies, no panto villains. An actual examination of where we are.  …
idk a better gift from God would have been total immunity to the coronavirus  …
The US govt’s historic $2.2T #coronavirus aid relief package recently approved by Congress is highly vulnerable to fraud & abuse, oversight experts & veteran watchdogs who investigated abuse of the govt’s financial system bailout more than a decade ago.  …
‘ #Sonic the Hedgehog,’ ‘ #BadBoys for Life,’ and a handful of other movies have been pushed to streaming due to #coronavirus. Full list:  
Live updates: Confirmed coronavirus cases top 300,000 in U.S. as Fauci stresses social distancing is ‘our most important tool’  …
Over 50 days ago I called for public hearings so Americans could hear directly from current Trump admin officials about the coronavirus. Trump knew the severity of the situation about 90 days ago—and failed to swiftly act. More Americans are dying due to his   …
Tomorrow morning on #SundayTODAY, we revisit one of our favorite “Sunday Sitdowns” with Ryan Reynolds,  @AviationGin is donating a share of its proceeds to bartenders put out of work by coronavirus. See you in the AM on @NBC. 
Trump to Press: Hold Off Your Fake News Until After Coronavirus  …
BREAKING NEWS: Sportacus tests negative for Coronavirus 
They did it #coronavirus 
Inquirer: Philadelphia's first coronavirus patients were mostly white. New cases are primarily African-Americans.  …
I... Can't believe  to this? This is coronavirus' fault. 
How can this be? After all, Donald Trump, the President of the UNTED States, said the #coronavirus was a "hoax" & it would "magically disappear." How many deaths will it take before all Americans realize that Donald Trump would stuff the body bags himself to get re-elected?  …
Ontario Premier @fordnation calls out @realDonaldTrump for cutting off Canada from mask supplies. Says you learn who your friends are when the cards are down. Read & RT #cdnpoli #onpoli #coronavirus  …
. @NYGovCuomo accepts 1,000 ventilators from China as New York battles the coronavirus. “This is a big deal, and it’s going to make a significant difference for us,” said Cuomo, revealing that Oregon would also be making donations. 
Of course our first celebrity to achieve immunity and  impervious to the coronavirus would be Tom Hanks.
Are you angry that @DrOz thinks the panic about coronavirus is worse than the virus? It is @ABCNetwork that gives him is massive  …
WATCH: WWII veteran recovers from coronavirus in time to celebrate 104 birthday  
'What have you got to lose?' Trump tells coronavirus patients to 'try' unproven drug  …
Fiscal restraints imposed by Republicans in Congress in the early years of the Obama administration left the U.S. less prepared to respond to the coronavirus pandemic today. Tea Party Budget Battles Left the National Emergency Medical Stockpile Unprepared  …
CORONAVIRUS: Ukraine sent medical experts and humanitarian aid to Italy to help it fight the COVID-19 outbreak Saturday. Italy has so far reported 124,632 COVID-19 cases and 11,947 deaths. (AP) 
Women, wearing protective face masks and standing at a safe distance away from each other to help curb the spread of the new coronavirus, stand in line outside their children's school, in Chimaltenango, Guatemala, Friday, April 3, 2020. #CovidGt  
KILLING CUBANS Cuban officials say a shipment of coronavirus aid from Asia's richest man, Jack Ma, has been blocked by the six-decade U.S. embargo Ma's foundation tried to send 100,000 facemasks and 10 COVID-19 diagnostic kits last month  …
President Trump says it was "inappropriate" of ex-USS Theodore  to write a memo saying the Navy was "failing" to take care of its sailors during the coronavirus outbreak  
Expert Virologist: Here’s Everything You Need To Understand About Coronavirus  
Apple’s new MacBook Air is near perfect, says our columnist. In fact, its one glaring flaw might have gone unnoticed before the coronavirus crisis. 
Pelosi tries to personally cash in on coronavirus 
Kentucky Directorate of Coronavirus Compliance Orders Ankle Monitors For Uncooperative Citizens…  
An Instagram Influencer With 1.3 Million Followers Gets Absolutely BLOWN UP By A Twitter Mega-Thread Exposing Her For Either A) Faking Coronavirus or B) Infecting The Entire Hamptons By Traveling Out East To Model Pajamas After She Tested Positive  
#NEWS 1,224 US coronavirus deaths have been reported as of 8pE Saturday night, the most US deaths reported in one day so far. There are now a total of 8,376 deaths nationwide. Based on data supplied by Johns Hopkins University.
Need any more proof that the UN is the most worthless organization on the planet? China joins UN Human Rights Council panel despite troubling record, response to coronavirus  … Explore the Fox News apps that are right for you at  ….
Even before coronavirus why would you bet long on an economy in the eighth year of an expansion when the president is a man whose business experience consists mostly of going in and out of bankruptcy? Off to the back of the class....
Is it just me or are singers getting coronavirus  to the rest of the  Not only famous singers but also friends of friends who are singers (and not famous).  …
...Says the serial-sinning godless heathen who  every sin imaginable every damn day... #Trump #coronavirus #COVID2019
Trump knew on JANUARY 3rd. He was briefed of the seriousness of Coronavirus.  …
Another terrific contribution from @sallymcmanus on @InsidersABC The union movement is in good hands with the ACTU leadership. The issue of insecure work, rights at work and Australia’s capacity to manufacture essential goods will be big issues for the unions post coronavirus.
Joe Biden’s ignorant, politically motivated sniping from the sidelines is an insult to Admiral Polowczyk and his team of supply chain experts and civil servants who are working around the clock to win the war against the coronavirus.
Why is #Queens the Hotspot of Hotspots in the Nation’s Coronavirus Crisis? #CoronaVirusNYC #KAG  …
Canada now has 14,007 coronavirus cases with 249 deaths. Updated story on pandemic Saturday in Canada and around the world: 
Fiscal restraints imposed by Republicans in Congress in the early years of the Obama administration left the U.S. less prepared to respond to the coronavirus pandemic today. 
Virtual birthday celebration amid quarantine #coronavirus #lockdown 
"New Jersey officials vowed Saturday to speed up the processing of unemployment claims despite relying on a  system that has been overwhelmed by the record number of requests due to the coronavirus crisis." "....we literally need COBOL programmers,"
I recently learned that Dr. Fauci was a student of my father in law at NY Hospital. He said he was easily the smartest student he ever had. The world is lucky to have him on this. Now we need to listen. #coronavirus  …
Trump says the new coronavirus relief small business loan program has "been flawless so far" and "I don't even hear of any glitch."
One thing to look forward to later this month is testing for people who may have immunity to #COVID19. Many Texans have that immunity. They will be among the first Texans able to return to work and get our economy going again. #coronavirus  #FoxNews
What we do (and don’t) know so far about how the 2019 novel coronavirus lives on surfaces, and what you can do to minimize your risk at home: 
Trump Knew About The Coronavirus For 70 Days And Did Nothing  … via @politicususa
President Trump Speaks Out On Efforts To Combat Coronavirus  … 
The tennis schedule has not been spared the desolation wreaked by the coronavirus. But perhaps no other sport features so many epic champions in the late stages of their careers. 
Trump signals support for creating a SECOND coronavirus taskforce  via @MailOnline
US: Bruno Wu’s 吴征 Global Partnership Against Coronavirus Alliance (GPACA) 全球合作抗击冠状病毒联盟 joins with US State Legislative Leaders Foundation to “secure the supply of PPE for U.S. hospitals"  
#Coronavirustruth: This Is How It Ends Is #Italy on the brink of getting better? ' #CoronavirusPandemic ravaged Italy cheers after seeing its number of intensive care cases of #coronavirus drop for the first time.' via @afbranco  … #COVID2019 
My mom just called to let me know she's been talking to her friends, many of which live in states that haven't voted yet & more & more of her friends of all ages now see how Bernie Sanders Proposals would be game changers during the Coronavirus Pandemic & they now support Bernie.
China Sends 1,000 Ventilators to New York as Coronavirus Deaths Surge 
#CyberpunkisNow If all instances of this vandalism was due to Coronavirus conspiracy theories, is this 2020's version of burning witches at the stake due to a plague?  …
We do not need any more #coronavirus infections from #China. Not a single one.  …
After we get through the worst of the coronavirus outbreak we will have a substantially sicker population with higher rates of uninsurance and underinsurance and fewer medical practitioners to care for them. We need to start planning for this now.
Marianne Faithfull Hospitalized After Testing Positive for Coronavirus  …
NEW: NYPD announces two more deaths related to coronavirus: 1. Auxiliary Police Lieutenant Pierre Moise who died on March 28. He has been with the NYPD since August 1994. 2. School Safety Agent Linosee Mosley, who died yesterday. He has been with the force since February 1994. 
Coronavirus: Pandemic fact v pandemic fiction? 
Trump spent the first two months calling the coronavirus threat a hoax, now the next two months fighting with people and lying about the first two months and this shit may not even be halfway through.
The context is he is at a coronavirus briefing airing grievances. That is inappropriate and news. And of course he cannot sue a whistleblower.
Wish Trump had half the passion for fighting the Coronavirus as he does for revenge.
The FDA issued an Emergency Use Authorization for hydroxychloroquine and chloroquine *last week* specifically to treat the coronavirus:   …
#Coronavirus: Trudeau announces $40M for women’s shelters, $10M for Indigenous women and kids  … #COVID19 #cdnpoli
Any sense that coronavirus will collectively cause Americans to GROW UP.... nope nope nope Louis CK, Joe Rogan, and Adderall are what's on people's minds We are a nation of children. 
Maya Angelou once said, “when someone shows you who they are, believe them.” Trump has shown us exactly who he is by mishandling the coronavirus, refusing to help states in this public health crisis, and spreading misinformation. We won’t forget.
Coronavirus - dry up and die in the name of Jesus!
“In the strange and disconcerting times of the coronavirus pandemic, I need a reassuring voice to inform me how the world has changed overnight (again!) when I wake up in the morning,” writes @edockterman. “As usual, I’ve found solace in  …
"If you could have reasonably expected to be working if it were not for the #coronavirus, then you should get the JobKeeper allowance," @sallymcmanus. #Auspol 
Things That Are Contagious! -Coronavirus -Empathy -Selflessness Service -Forgiveness -Unconditional Love -Being helpful -Volunteering -Listening to those need to vent or need sound advice.
Joe Biden is urging people to go out and vote in the Wisconsin primary on April 7, while Joe himself has literally not stepped outside of his home in Delaware since #coronavirus outbreak. Why would anyone support this clown? I really don't get it.
Coronavirus, worldwide. Cases: 1,199,000 Deaths: 64,350 Recoveries: 246,000
Also, Twitter peeps should know, @RepJimBanks was the ONLY Hoosier to vote against the #coronavirus relief bill. Public health experts say his great state could be one of next to be hit hard. He voted to stop you from having free testing.
Fresh air and exercise are an important part of keeping healthy. Public parks remain open for exercise; but playgrounds and exercise equipment are now closed to slow the spread of coronavirus. Latest information at  #COVID19au 
Dr. Fauci shuts down "Fox & Friends" on coronavirus cure. “We don’t operate on how you feel. We operate on what evidence is, and data is,” said Dr. Fauci. 
The EPA is focused on rolling back pollution regulations during coronavirus. Does allowing *more* pollution seem like it would help fight a respiratory virus to you?  …
Chrissy  unhinged: calls Trump a ‘f***ing loser’ in coronavirus rant 
Futile to treat these Markaz members, they should be shot dead: MNS chief Raj Thackeray on Tablighi Jamaat Coronavirus hotspot  …
ICYMI: Nancy Pelosi admits that Democrats "knew about" the  coronavirus outbreak, but chose to pursue their partisan impeachment regardless. 
Republicans set up Florida's unemployment insurance system to FAIL. Just listen to this woman's tale of headaches now that she needs a #coronavirus relief check!!! It's unreal. Text Fix Florida to 50409 to sign @Jen_Marden's 
Elton John announced a $1M coronavirus fund to help protect people with HIV.  to not leave anyone affected by HIV behind,” he wrote. 
IMPORTANT NOTE: Overlooked in the VA OIG report last month about VA facility readiness related to #coronavirus VA OIG was pushing the use of hydroxychloroquine/chloroquine at VA facilities to treat #COVID19 which led to this scathing response from Veterans Health Administration  
Thank you! And yes, I had that - symptoms Saturday, fever went away Thursday (I thought I might have recovered) - then respiratory problems arrived, and it all got worse from there.... #coronavirus #covid19 #CoronavirusOutbreak
Nations with Mandatory TB Vaccines Show Fewer Coronavirus Deaths. This may be Jamaica’s saving grace, that likkle round scar on the side of your arm.  …
Canada's Big Six banks cut credit card interest rates to ease coronavirus impact  
Milan University Study Estimates 20 Million Italians with Coronavirus - Case Mortality Rate May be in 0.25% to 0.30%, Much Lower than Predictions  … via @gatewaypundit
Coronavirus is spreading and cruise ships are still sailing 
NYPD: 6,698 uniformed members were on sick report which accounts for 18.5% of the Department’s uniformed workforce. Currently, 1,775 uniformed members and 260 civilian members tested positive for the coronavirus.
Fascinating - thanks! I didn't know about viral load. I just added a tweet to my earlier thread sharing the article. #COVID19 #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak
A few thoughts on this report that as of Friday "1,839 NYPD employees — 1,619 uniformed members and 220 civilian members — tested positive for the coronavirus, up 53.3 percent from Tuesday, according to the department"  … /1
Tina Fey on How ‘30 Rock’ Would Do a Coronavirus Episode  …
JUST IN: New York City reports 4,561 new cases of coronavirus and 387 new deaths. A total of 60,850 cases and 2,254 deaths.
Some mornings you don’t have to do your hair...your hair just does itself. Show me how your hair is doing #coronahair #hairinthetimeofcoronavirus #coronavirus #COVID2019 
The bat that started coronavirus 
Abba Kyari, Chief of Staff to President @MBuhari is fast recovering from Coronavirus. His FIRST TEST has shown NEGATIVE. One more NEGATIVE result then DISCHARGED. Glory be to God
In this video our editor and journalist @_taylorhudak provides the latest update on the case of Julian Assange. #FreeAssange #JulianAssange #assangecase #Assange #COVID2019 #COVID19 #coronavirus 
Another day has passed, and still there is no race-specific data about who is dying in NYC. @NYCMayor, I DEMAND that these data be made public. The people most under threat should know it. #coronavirus
The left is enslaved to this identity politics stuff. AOC herself is tying coronavirus to reparations and advocating opening up jails. Cernonomics has room for new roads, fiber optics projects, huge national parks. And I would put Boeing executives in prison.
CORONAVIRUS LATEST: US deaths top 8,000, cases top 300,000; 5-year-old dies in U.K.  —United cutting Newark, LaGuardia services —Queen addresses the nation —Trump says medical military personnel will be sent to New York —US cases top 300,000
13 celebrities stepping up to help during the Chinese coronavirus pandemic. 
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has urged citizens to switch off the lights in their homes and light candles and oil lamps instead to dispel the "darkness" of the #coronavirus epidemic 
% of U.S. adults who say Donald Trump is doing an excellent job at responding to the coronavirus outbreak, by main source of political news Fox News: 63% CBS: 24% NBC: 15% ABC: 14% CNN: 7% MSNBC: 2% NPR: 2% New York Times: 1% More in our data tool:  
Two city lawmakers are demanding Mayor Bill de Blasio oust Health Commissioner Oxiris Barbot “before it’s too late,” saying her guidance on coronavirus has been disastrous.  …
ITALY “More than 99% of Italy’s coronavirus fatalities were people who suffered from previous medical conditions, according to a study by the country’s national health  …
The coronavirus claims a beloved viola player in the @MetOpera @METOrchestra: Vincent  …
#NYC Mayor De Blasio claims the US only just learned asymptomatic people can transmit the #coronavirus. You can see why NYC is at the epicenter of the #Coronavirusepidemic in this country. #CoronavirusUSA #KAG  …
Which one(s) are you? 17 key personality types when  to handling coronavirus  …
One of the greatest singers and finest man I’ve ever known is my buddy @CBillingsley. He has the Coronavirus. Please pray and believe God for  healing and recovery and protection for his family. God answers prayer!
The Coronavirus Pandemic Will Forever Alter the World Order By Henry A. Kissinger April 3, 2020 6:30 pm ET If you dont know who he is, look him up! Must read article!  …
24 hours in America in the time of coronavirus, from the @NYTNational  …
Israel’s Health Minister Yaakov Lizman, head of Agudat Yisrael party, who weeks ago declared that coronavirus is a "divine punishment for homosexuality", has been infected. His wife too. This forces PM Netanyahu to have to isolate himself for another 15 days 
Immigrants on the front lines in the coronavirus fight - Axios  …
Coronavirus will make us FATTER: People will exercise less because of lockdown 
Editorial: We have willingly given up our freedoms in the face of the coronavirus threat, but we must know when we will get them back  …
“He knew his life was being put in jeopardy — even though he was going to work for the citizens of Detroit every day." 11 days after posting a Facebook video about a coughing passenger, a Detroit bus driver was dead  of the coronavirus. 
Gratitude to all the artists helping us find precious diversions amid the #COVID19/ #coronavirus pandemic! (image: @StephenKing) #art #music #poetry #writing #filmmaking #painting #StayHome 
Corona beer halts production during coronavirus pandemic  
This is a must read. Absolutely gripping and detailed account of the political handling of the crisis from the outset. Katharine has done a superb fair and balanced job. The two meetings that changed the trajectory of Australia's coronavirus response  …
CDC  - Wear a mask to deal with the Coronavirus - Wear a blind fold and ear plugs to deal with Trump's Coronavirus updates!
My auntie officially recovered from Coronavirus
Under direction of @USNorthernCmd, in support of @fema, approx. 1000 @usairforce & @USNavy medical providers arrive to #NY area in next 3 days to expand local #MedicalCapabilities for #WarOnCovid19. Includes 300 personnel to #javitscenter & other locations. #COVID19 #coronavirus
Here’s the latest on the coronavirus. In his briefing, Trump said: - A “very horrendous” phase is approaching - This “will be probably the toughest week” - “We’re very disappointed in 3M” 
Gov. Beshear: "He was 49, in good health. He was from Boyd County, a union brick layer, he had 7 kids and 7 grandkids... We lost an amazing person who was loved by his family and by  of Aron Jordan and his family today. @LEX18News #TeamKentucky #coronavirus 
Blue Watch Cosham paying tribute to all those on the front line of the NHS, putting themselves at risk whilst doing all they can to save those affected by Coronavirus Thank you #NHSCovidHeroes Stay home Save lives Protect the NHS @NHSuk @NHSMillion @QAHospitalNews 
Something outside my usual round. I spent some time the past two weeks speaking to frontline workers in the hospital system - metropolitan and rural - about COVID-19. 'Like preparing for war': Australia's hospitals brace for coronavirus peak  …
Oliver Darcy is safe from the Coronavirus outbreak at CNN. No one ever came within six feet of him anyway.
President Trump says that there could be a shortage of ventilators as the coronavirus pandemic spreads  
Barron Trump is handling the coronavirus quarantine well, according to @realdonaldtrump. "He's like everyone else ... He's in his room. He's happy, but he's not as happy as he could be. He'd like to be playing 
Keir Starmer accuses government of making 'serious mistakes' over coronavirus  …
California Gov. Newsom said Saturday that he has a responsibility to ensure that testing for coronavirus in the state is improved and expanded. 
Tensions persist between Trump and medical advisers over the coronavirus  
"Clearly the immediate crisis, the most pressing crisis that we face is to make certain right now than anyone whose life is being threatened by the coronavirus gets the best medical care possible, and when I say anyone, I mean anyone" 
NYC transit workers are going to receive nearly 250,000 N95 masks to protect against coronavirus. In addition to bus drivers, train operators and conductors, the masks will go to station agents and the cleaning crews of subways, trains and buses. 
On October 2-3rd in Mesquite Texas at Devils Bowl Speedway.. WE WILL leave the coronavirus in the dust... 
The media needs to "shut up," stop with the "disturbing" coverage of the coronavirus pandemic, says @DrDrew. "Shut up, because you are only going to panic people and they ensued, and are continuing to spin this thing in ways I think are 
Kyle Walker hosts sex party with two hookers before urging fans to 'stay home' during coronavirus lockdown  … 
Bernie Sanders is outlining "Priorities For the Next Coronavirus Relief Package"  …
Intense global demand to get protective equipment for doctors and nurses on the front lines of the coronavirus battle is prompting states and hospitals  against themselves in a shady marketplace where prices are soaring. 
That’s crazy that coronavirus literally took everything away from me and ruined my life without even infecting me
Listen to #KyleReese and #StayHome #TheTerminator #MichaelBiehn #Terminator #Covid19 #CoronaVirus 
Governor ⁦ @GavinNewsom⁩ isn’t pointing fingers. He’s taking responsibility & solving problems The Stanford test for #coronavirus immunity in California ‘hours’ from approval. We shall  #CAStrong #CoronavirusPandemicCA  …
LIVE UPDATES: Stanford Medicine has developed an antibody test to indicate whether a person has developed some immunity to the coronavirus, said Gov. Newsom.  …
Marianne Faithfull Hospitalized In London With Coronavirus  
This humble #doctor makes a wise point to be remembered at this time of #coronavirus uncertainty. To see full video, read my latest Facebook -- 
This is exactly right It is a wake-up call I would not wish on anyone. But it's a wake-up call  better late than never Britain should pursue Beijing for   via @MailOnline
In Brazil, President Bolsonaro's religious allies promote national day of fasting for tomorrow to rid country of coronavirus 
“Lottery jackpots reduced as coronavirus hits sales” Even the Lottery is changing the rules during the pandemic. I got a better idea lets just cancel the lottery for the foreseeable future. The Black south doesn’t need it. ⁦⁦⁦⁦  …
"Mr. Murdoch and the staff running Fox News were implementing coronavirus protection measures for their staff … while at the same time they were broadcasting that it was a hoax.”  …
See this Instagram video by @jerome_corsi  … Dr. Yelenko explains a successful treatment for COVID-19 using Hydroxychloroquine. We need to allow MDs to prescribe HCQ and provide pharmacists with sufficient quantities of HCQ to stop COVID-19 now #coronavirus
Mother of 4 who died of coronavirus was 'the queen' of Detroit-style ballroom dancing  …
Trump is not “touting” a #coronavirus drug. He is making a risk-reward observation that is 100% consistent with the opinion of every doctor who has addressed the topic in public.
Utterly depressed to be debating coronavirus via Twitter with people who  this to flu (it’s 10 times more deadly) and b) don’t seem to gather that *yes you can catch coronavirus through surfaces like park benches*. It’s not my opinion - it’s fact. Ugh. Over & out.
No Lockdown: Sweden, Iceland, Belarus, Mexico, Taiwan et al. But no #coronavirus armageddon in either. But how? Let's ask Govt's trusted 'science experts': "Well, our  models indicate that it's highly likely that this virus is bias in favor the Nordic peoples."
No way. Burglaries of businesses have risen in New York City under emergency measures to fight the new coronavirus, according to New York Police Department data. I’m not guessing. 
.⁦ @POTUS⁩ NO F-ING WAY SHOULD THE USA CONTRIBUTE TO THE CORRUPTED UNITED NATION’S PROPOSAL UN chief calls for 'large-scale' coronavirus response of 10 percent of global GDP  …
Alexa. Show me the least surprising coronavirus headline ever. 
Bill Gates & co have been working on the #vaccine for years. The coronavirus is just a strategy to get people to willingly take that rubbish. 
“In The Bronx, which has long grappled with lower-than-average life expectancy & high incidence of chronic health conditions like asthma and diabetes, those infected with coronavirus die at a rate three times higher than those who live just a river away in Manhattan.”  …
UNITED STATES: Bill Lapschies, a World War II veteran, has beaten a coronavirus infection just in time for his 104th birthday.
BREAKING: Coronavirus Outbreak. Despite lockdowns Italy, Spain, US states struggling. All countries that have controlled COVID have mask policy. Today WHO & CDC change  Lombardy, several US states, adopt mask policy. Why not everywhere? Masks help a lot. 
My ex-FIL died this AM. Stroke. Kidney failure. Pneumonia. Heart attack. CoronaVirus. All over the course of the last 48 hours. Can’t have a funeral & wife of nearly 60 years couldn’t be with him. She’s now quarantined as is family member who took him to hospital. #StayTheFHome
Coronavirus in US — As hospitals are slammed, tens of thousands of medical workers are losing their jobs or having their pay cut across the country. They are suddenly out of work as operating rooms and doctor's offices go dark  …
Actress and Author Patricia Bosworth Dead Due to Coronavirus 
Trump Is Crashing And Burning With His Own Supporters In New Coronavirus Poll  …
Australian politicians  out to speak against #China now it's politically popular to do so. What did they say when it really mattered, before all hell broke loose? Nothing. They said bugger all. #auspol #outsiders #skynews #chinavirus #coronavirus #libs #COVIDー19
8,000 U.S. deaths due to coronavirus. Meanwhile, over 30,000 U.S. deaths due to  flu during the 2019-2020 flu season.
My mother-in-law is an immigrant from Peru working as a hospital cleaner near the center of the #coronavirus crisis in Westchester NY. She posted this photo and said, "This is my chance to thank New York for making my family's  true." I love her a lot and am so proud. 
Must see! Here is the ad that moron @realDonaldTrump doesn't want you to see. Please Retweet! #COVIDIOT #TrumpPressBriefing #coronavirus #CoronavirusLockdown #StayHome #COVID19 
I’d never wish the #coronavirus on somebody... I take that back, if certainly wish it on a convicted child rapist.  …
Hero Down: Hudson Co. DOC Corrections Cpl. Bernard Waddell Dies From Coronavirus  Follow @bluelivesmtr #BlueLivesMatter #BackTheBlue #lawenforcement #law #covid19 #coronavirus
New York reported 630 new deaths due to the coronavirus in a day, bringing the state’s total to 3,565  
In order for everyone to respond with the same level of urgency to Coronavirus, everyone must have the same level of information. #FlattenTheCurve
 @WWE for avoiding the use of "COVID 19" or "coronavirus." #WWE's product is an escape and they hold true to it. We love ya'll for it. #Wrestlemania
It might not be just about age and health conditions; there could be a genetic influence as well. (Thanks to @larry_falbe for the interesting article.)  #COVID19 #COVID19Pandemic #coronavirus #CoronavirusPandemic #CoronavirusUSA
Why do some people die from #coronavirus/ #COVID19, while others show no symptoms? Why did I end up critical in the ICU, while my husband had medium-level flu symptoms for a week? #COVID19Pandemic #CoronavirusPandemic #CoronavirusUSA
Two cases. Then dozens. Inside the nursing home that has Maryland’s worst coronavirus outbreak. 
The Age spent a day on the coronavirus front line, visiting our screening clinic and ICU. Read about it here: 
Not good: "Most coronavirus patients who end up on ventilators go on to die, according to several small studies from the U.S., China and Europe."  …
Today in an Italian market: employee vest says: "if you see the color of my eyes, you are too close! Keep 1 meter away from me" #socialdistancing #Italy #coronavirus #coronavirusUSA 
Tennessee 6-year-old with cystic fibrosis beats coronavirus: ‘Thank you God,’ mom says  #FoxNews
#DearMrPresident In just five weeks you went from: "coronavirus is very much under control", to admitting we'll have hundreds of thousands of deaths. The only way that happens is if you knowlingly put dollars over lives. You are a disaster. 
"There’s always a rainbow after the rain." Challenged by coronavirus,  worldwide plan digital Pride celebrations 
LIVE NOW! @BernieSanders town hall on the #coronavirus pandemic and priorities for the next relief package. Featuring music by @boniver and 
Marianne Faithfull hospitalised with coronavirus | Marianne Faithfull | The Guardian  …
Coronavirus In Minnesota: Gov. Walz Says He Is Worried About Lack Of Stay-At-Home Orders In Iowa, North Dakota And South Dakota  
The CDC is  that Americans consider wearing face masks in public settings, President Trump said Friday, though he added he is choosing not to do it. Seto Wing Hong of Hong Kong University demonstrated the correct way to wear a face mask #coronavirus 
Dr @sara_kayat explains why scientists say it will take 12 to 18 months before a coronavirus vaccine can be ready  | 
Australia appears close to passing the first peak of the coronavirus pandemic, but leading epidemiologists say the moment Australia loosens those rules, infection rates will climb 
Doctors worldwide say malaria drug-WHICH WAS TOUTED BY TRUMP-is the best coronavirus treatment 
Majority of public favors temporary ban on immigration from Mexico during coronavirus pandemic: Poll  via @dcexaminer @DomMastrangelo1
The Coronavirus models have been incorrect throughout the entire pandemic. Chuck and Mark discuss more on this episode of 
Coronavirus: Lagos health workers get N5bn insurance cover 
Life continues to unfold, even in the midst of the #coronavirus pandemic. That includes the most consequential FOIA battle in a generation: Judicial Watch’s long fight for records related to Hillary Clinton’s emails and the Benghazi affair. Read: 
4-year-old jumps for joy as a fleet of FedEx trucks paraded through her neighborhood after her birthday party was canceled due to the novel coronavirus shutdown.  
Democrats want to provide mail-in ballots amid the coronavirus plague. Republicans don’t. Trump says, "if you ever agreed to it you’d never have a Republican elected in this country again”  …
If shutdowns are necessary, why are countries that refused to shutdown  or often better, results in containing #coronavirus?
This is America at it’s best #FoxAndFriends #Tcot #Ccot #MediaBuzz #CNNSOTU #COVID2019 #coronavirus #SundayThoughts #KAG2020 
430,000 people traveled from China to U.S. since coronavirus surfaced China, WHO & the left were attacking Trump’s travel ban. There r hundreds more kinds of deadly virus developed in Wuhan P4 lab, Trump needs to make the China travel ban permanent.  …
Helluva day for Senate & @repvos Assembly GOP. In sum, today they: 1. Tried to get Brett Kavanaugh to assault voting rights. 2. Refused to show for a special session called by @govevers to help Wisconsinites suffering and dying from #Coronavirus. And it’s only suppertime.
old lady outside yelling to her friend about how coronavirus is not that bad and is a plot by the elites to institute their new world order anyways enough of you are clearly not checking in on your grandparents please begin to do so
Remember when we used to say God bless you  to the new normal #FoxAndFriends #Tcot #Ccot #MediaBuzz #CNNSOTU #COVID2019 #coronavirus #SundayThoughts #KAG2020 
Our research shows that 64% of customers choose to buy from socially responsible brands—so your brand's customer experience during the #coronavirus crisis is doubly important. Here are four ways to improve it:  
Trump campaign spokesperson Kayleigh McEnany promised on February 25th that Trump would magically stop the Coronavirus from stepping foot on American soil. Over 8,000 Americans are already dead. 
Americans are seeking unemployment benefits at unprecedented levels due to the coronavirus, but many are finding more frustration than relief. 
This story is the truth. The reality of #coronavirus at ground level. Everything Trump is telling you is a lie.  …
This is v good news with so many families struggling to feed their kids. No child should go hungry as a consequence of the coronavirus emergency.  …
NEWS: Corona beer haults production due to the coronavirus. ME: 
Joe Biden wasn't telling people they would get better from coronavirus by going to work. "If we have thousands or hundreds of thousands of people that get better just by sitting around and even going to work. Some of them go to work but they get better."  …
Take all those WHO and various other official tweets about no risk of coronavirus from China, no need to wear masks etc and show them to people with “I <3 Science” bumper stickers
The onset of rains in East Africa &the coronavirus will make it easy 4this next generation of locusts 2spread faster as global shut down is preventing pesticides from reaching countries that are most affected. Kudos @FAO &others behind efforts  …
Daily coronavirus death toll in France slows to 441  
South Dakota state representative dies from coronavirus, first sitting U.S. lawmaker to die from COVID-19  …
Update: New data shows 3 additional deaths from coronavirus in Coachella Valley. It also shows 10 more recoveries county-wide. Here's the breakdown:  …
To @BernieSanders and others that think biopharma will use this #coronavirus pandemic to "make a fortune" Gilead,  w/ one of the most promising drugs for #COVID19  to provide existing supplies of 1.5 million doses at no charge  
Now that the #coronavirus is the new normal, it seems crazy that there was ever a time anyone thought it wouldn't be. But for a month or so a bunch of us - mostly on the right and in Silicon Valley, plus whatever I am - were considered alarmists.  …
There are a whole lot of rumors that President Bolsonaro of Brazil has been removed by a military coup due to his lack of response to coronavirus. I don't know what's happening, but I'd advise skepticism until we know more.
BREAKING: New York City reports 349 coronavirus deaths since morning update  …
What have we learned as Americans from coronavirus? Dependency no matter who congress/dems or China must Bring our American businesses back 2 America 4 Americans independence! No more selling out America or having 2 wait 4 critical supplies! Make #MadeInAmerica great again!
"New York coronavirus cases surge - hospitals struggle to cope" The mannequin at 2:46 is in rough shape. Hope "he" pulled through.  …
. @sherifink reported this story with @victorjblue from inside a temporary ICU at the Brooklyn Hospital Center, where coronavirus deaths grew fivefold in the past week.   …
No amount of distraction will erase the hard truth about your boss, as @washingtonpost reports today: "In reality, many of the failures to stem the coronavirus outbreak in the United States were either a result of, or exacerbated by, his leadership.”  …
Juventus forward Paulo Dybala and his girlfriend Oriana who recovered from Coronavirus a few weeks ago have reportedly tested positive of #COVID2019 AGAIN. This one is loud. This is 
"The 74-year-old lawmaker had fallen ill almost two weeks ago, part of a cluster of COVID-19 cases around Huron, South Dakota". State Rep. Bob Glanzer of South Dakota died Friday night after contracting the coronavirus  …
The Bat responsible for coronavirus is the messiah of the animal world. He has changed the lives of animals with a masterstroke. ~ Nidhi Sharma
‘Code Blue’: A Brooklyn ICU Fights for Each Life in a Coronavirus Surge Nearly every patient was on a ventilator. Some were in their 80s, some in their 30s. Medical workers were falling fast & had to be resourceful — “the alternative is death,” one said.  …
I called my dr, luckily I have a rescue inhaler because I’m asthmatic & I’m taking my temp almost hourly. I’m going to kick coronavirus a$$!!
They always opinionated @michaelrapaport talks social distancing,  the coronavirus pandemic, in this wildly informative and entertaining episode. Subscribe to THE TOM GREEN PODCAST #comedy #news #covid #coronavirus 
Stars Open Their Homes to Foster and Adopt Puppies During Coronavirus Pandemic 
Police issue citation, fine woman who was just 'going on a drive' amid coronavirus stay-at-home order  …
CNN is reporting that CA has opened an ‘Anxiety Hotline’ for Californians who are experiencing mental issues from #COVID2019 They need to watch President Trump’s coronavirus briefings, where he calms people while delivering facts, instead of CNN hyping death, fear & panic!  …
“On March 21 my boyfriend and I took a test to see if we had Coronavirus. The test was positive. Three days ago we took another test, it came out negative. Today in the morning, I took another that came out positive. Thus, I continue to have Coronavirus,”-Sabatini.
This sums  the entire administration's response during this pandemic. #TrumpPressBriefing #Trump #DearMrPresident #coronavirus #COVID19 
Don’t know about you but stories of loss during this #pandemic are really hitting me. I feel so weak for crying so much but this is real life. These people were fine 1 day, gone next. Their families had no time to prepare & are left separated in those final moments #Coronavirus
Michigan (whose auto industry contributes $225 billion to the state’s economy) has tested just 1 in 350 people. Despite having a quarter of the population of Canada, Michigan’s death toll from coronavirus is now more than twice Canada’s.  …
Unintended consequences from coronavirus  
If you want to know why perhaps 240000 people will die of #Coronavirus its not just because the have a moron in the White House, Georgia governor opens beaches a day after issuing statewide stay-at-home order even  want them closed  …
NEW: Another 625 coronavirus cases have been confirmed in Washington, bringing the total number of cases to 7,591, including 310 deaths. 
This is a truly devastating, infuriating, and heartbreaking chronology of Trump’s serial failures to respond early enough to the coronavirus crisis. Please take a few minutes to read this important thread .  …
UNSUNG HEROES - The U.S. is counting on truck drivers to help ensure shelves remain stocked as Americans load up on things like canned goods amid the #coronavirus pandemic. Five of them shared their experiences transporting essential supplies.  …
'Gruffalo stayed in the cave': Axel Scheffler and Julia Donaldson's coronavirus cartoons  …
The grandmother of Baylor junior guard Moon Ursin has died in the New Orleans area after being infected with the coronavirus. 
Dubai imposes two-week lockdown as Gulf states step up coronavirus fight  
Sam Quinn spent 5 hours saying goodbye to his mom in a Texas nursing home. He held her hand. He hugged her. He kissed her on the forehead. As he left, an employee ran after him: his mom had the coronavirus. Now Mr. Quinn is mourning in self-quarantine.  …
When — and how — does the coronavirus pandemic end? 
The national task force against the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is studying whether the  quarantine in Luzon to stop the spread of the virus could be extended for a maximum of 15 days beyond the April 12 deadline. 
Katrina Commander Russel Honoré Rips ‘Totally Clueless’ Jared Kushner’s Coronavirus Comments #KushnerIsAnIdiot  … via @HuffPostPol
THIS JUST IN: A model out of the University of Washington is now projecting a decrease in the number of COVID-19 deaths in California. #coronavirus  …
Coronavirus: Owen Paterson, Tory MP for North Shropshire paid £100,000 a year  selling £120 Covid-19 test.  …
. @realdonaldtrump filled us all in on how Barron is handling the coronavirus quarantine. "He's in his room. He's happy, but he's not as happy as he could be. He'd like to be playing sports." 
Marianne Faithfull hospitalised with coronavirus  …
Nike's Memphis distribution center reportedly shuts down after employee tests positive for #coronavirus.  
#Iran unveils AI-powered #coronavirus diagnosis technology  …
GIVEAWAY- Celebrate 613 followers! Also wanted to spread positive energy during the coronavirus outbreak Rules -RT and like this post! ONLY! 5 winners will be announced on 4/15 @5PM MST -LY TEAR ALBUM VER Y, U -LY PERSONA ALBUM VER 1,2 -MOTS:7 ABUM VER 1 #BTS 
Kemp, Coronavirus Task Force Add 296 Hospital Beds for #COVID19 Patient Surge >>  #gapol
Trump won’t wear a face mask but says he’d try unproven coronavirus drug 
The working-class Bronx neighborhood of Wakefield, for instance, has been hit hard by the coronavirus, with 304 of 556 people testing positive for the virus....the neighborhood is 58 percent African American, 17 percent Hispanic, and 15 percent white.  …
Let's CLEAR up a FALSEHOOD Donald Trump is spreading: Patients w/Lupus can't "catch" #coronavirus if you're on plaquenil/ #Hydroxychloroquine Please reply if you have Lupus on this med & had #COVID2019 I have Lupus & I'm on Plaquenil, have been told to stay home!
The White House got its first formal notification about coronavirus Jan 3 For two months the White House ignored & denied it The Republican Party ignored it They now look for scapegoats to blame the death on They know their minions will believe what they tell them to believe
. @realDonaldTrump keeps encouraging people to use hydroxychloroquine to treat coronavirus. It is still in trial and has not proven to work. "What do you have to lose?” He made the same pitch in 2016  of color to vote for him. As it turned out: A lot.
3 Detroit-area nurses have died of coronavirus. Nine health care systems were sent emails from the Free Press Monday ... Only one — Beaumont Health — provided information about sick workers.  … via @freep
#LATEST: Canada is hovering close to 14,000 confirmed and presumptive cases of COVID-19 while the City of Toronto surpassed 1,000 total cases on Saturday. #coronavirus 
Today my sister in law's Spanish father in law died from #coronavirus in Spain. Blue passports though.....  …
"Quality Education for All During Coronavirus": New report from @HundrEDorg, including references to @Scratch and #LearningCreativeLearning  …
Taylor Swift spoke of how she's spending her time during the coronavirus quarantine 
New York City has deployed at least 45 mobile morgues as funeral homes struggle to deal with the over 1,800 coronavirus deaths 
Tension in Edo as suspected coronavirus patients earlier declared negative turn positive  …
coronavirus just got personal now 
Governments looking into advanced surveillance, biometric tech to contain coronavirus  … via @BiometricUpdate When are people going to see this for it clearly is?? and when are truthers going to spread this while we can???? #rfb
After voting to undermine expanded unemployment insurance for the millions of people laid off because of coronavirus, Senate Republicans are now back at home touting the benefits that Democrats fought to secure.  …
Last night I made my own bread and today I’m sewing my own masks. Coronavirus has domesticated me.
Coronavirus could cost the global economy $4.1 trillion - five per cent of worldwide output - Asian Development Bank warns 
We’re headed for a 2020 coronavirus election disaster, and John Roberts deserves much of the blame. 
For every 10 coronavirus cases in Spain and Italy, one is a doctor or nurse  … via @smh
MSNBC post White House coronavirus press conference coverage w/ my colleague Joy Ann Reid and Congressman Gregory Meeks. I closed out my segment underlining the need for faith leaders NOT to have in person services this Palm Sunday/Easter holiday. 
Remember these two Trumpettes? "The President is the first line of defense..." "You won't see diseases like coronavirus here..." They dismally WRONG on both accounts. Coronavirus is all over the country, and Trump has provided NO defense. He sluffed it on the states. Nimrod. 
Cuomo: "I wish you could be immune to coronavirus like I'm immune to NRA lawsuits"  
An astonishing statistic: a New Yorker dies every two minutes from the coronavirus. #COVID2019
Please listen to this nurse #coronavirus 
Among the American educators we’ve lost to the coronavirus was a teacher who’d taught her students online the day before she died. Another was a school climate counselor at his alma mater who supported students struggling with behavior.  
Turkey's coronavirus death toll rises above 500: minister  
WHO boss supported by China is now giving the nation too much credit on #coronavirus, critics claim  …
PLEASE READ Chronology: Trump Was On Top Of Coronavirus While Biden Mocked  …
"I worry for myself depending on how long this goes on, what kind of decisions do I have to make, to be financially okay..." Ryancia, one of millions of women who lost their financial security because of #coronavirus, shares her concerns. 
#Spotlight: If #coronavirus forces Saudi Arabia to put this year's #Hajj on hold, it won't be the first time the pilgrimage is disrupted. What were the other incidents?  
Total worldwide coronavirus cases NOW: 1,192,028 Total USA coronavirus Cases: 305,820 Approximately 25% of the coronavirus cases are in the USA. USA contains 4.25% of the world’s population. Conclusion: USA’s leadership has done the WORST job of containment on the planet.
Forget The Coronavirus Stimulus Bill’s Digital Dollar. The Digital Euro Is Coming!!!  …
This is pure evil. While #Cuba sends doctors around the world to help countries fight the #coronavirus pandemic, the US tightens its sanctions on Cuba, preventing the island from obtaining vital medical supplies to contain the #COVID19 outbreak at  …
A single American flag flies at half-staff in Liberty State Park in #JerseyCity to honor the lives lost to the Coronavirus pandemic. @LibertyParkNJ - In Jersey City 1291 active cases + 36 
Yes, I understand why we are social distancing now to flatten the curve, but the AUC for both curves is the same= same number of people get coronavirus eventually.
House Republicans Plead with Trump To 'Stand Against' a 'Rushed Fourth and Fifth Phase' of Coronavirus Relief  …
Washington state nonprofit files lawsuit saying Fox News misled viewers about coronavirus Anyone else think this will be the only legal action against Fox News?  …
He’s getting dragged today and deservedly so, but I’ll give Dr. Drew credit for at least admitting he was wrong about the coronavirus. Other people who decided to make their schtick “being wrong about everything” for the last two months should follow his lead.
In Italy, some health officials and politicians are exploring whether antibodies in one’s blood — a potential marker of immunity — can be used to determine who can leave the country’s coronavirus lockdown 
Coronavirus Today: The risk of being essential  …
The capacity of the federal government to respond to the coronavirus catastrophe—even if President Trump had been so inclined—has never been weaker, @sbg1 
 we don't have anywhere to isolate?' Coronavirus and Australia's homelessness crisis | Homelessness | The Guardian  …
We will not brexit in January. There are no negotiations #coronavirus will ravage the UK No deal after Corona is clearly unrealistic The EU will emerge stronger and more united We were always stronger together #stopbrexit
This is just a big, dumb lie from a big, dumb liar. Passengers arriving in the US on flights from China –– YES, there are still flights from China landing in the US every day –– aren't being tested for coronavirus. They're barely even being   …
The *fastest* coronavirus test available takes up to 15 minutes to pump out a result; most take days to be processed.  …
Hong Kong was ahead of the world when it announced a handout of almost $1,300 to residents suffering from a recession worsened by the coronavirus. By the time the money arrives, it may be too late to undo the damage 
Joe Tsai, the billionaire co-founder of Chinese ecommerce giant Alibaba, and his wife Clara Wu Tsai, have donated 2.6 million masks, 170,000 goggles and 2000 ventilators to New York — the US epicenter of the coronavirus pandemic 
Today I wrote about Rick Johnson, a firefighter who died of coronavirus early this morning. He was 50 and he loved dancing. The Tullytown fire chief, mourning his friend, said “I’m hoping that this also hits people that don’t understand about this virus.”  …
With daily life changing for many around the world due to the coronavirus pandemic, a huge surge in internet traffic has led to worries over the resilience of the infrastructure that keeps things humming. 
A little more good news, from @anoushasakoui: Hollywood costumers  coronavirus "mask crusaders" with a sense of mission and a little trial and error. “It’s like how we do with Marvel. We made eight pairs of pants for Thor before it was Thor’s pants.”  …
TUNE IN LIVE: Rep. Mike Levin Virtual Town Hall on the #Coronavirus. Email townhallquestions@Mikelevin.org  …
Tom Cotton Skipped Hours of Impeachment Trial to Talk Coronavirus with Trump Admin 
The Convention Center will open its doors Monday with 1,000 beds to recovering coronavirus patients. The capacity of the field hospital — being built in matter of days — can be increased to 2,000 beds by the end of April if necessary.  …
Donald Trump claims he never said coronavirus would go away in April Here's a video of Donald Trump on 10th February saying that coronavirus would go away in April "with the heat" 
A Trauma-Informed Approach to Teaching Through Coronavirus | Teaching Tolerance “Relationships and well-being can take priority over assignment and   …
The global coronavirus lockdown is making it hard for Mexican drug cartels to operate. With borders shut and limited air traffic, cartels are turning on each other. 
While @realDonaldTrump is leading the country during the coronavirus situation, our campaign isn't stopping. Checkout #LeadRIght to see the thousands of volunteers across the country working hard today & everyday! Join the @GOP/ @TeamTrump team today-->  
For someone who believes in secure borders, Trump was inexplicably lax on securing them as a pandemic was building up. His presidential daily briefs included warnings about the coronavirus threat, starting in early January. So why did he delay the action on securing the borders?  …
Second young sheriff’s officer dies of coronavirus  …
Funerals are seeing big changes amid the coronavirus outbreak. 
Lol so someone recovers from coronavirus throws a party now that person is tested positive again.
Colin Hanks, son of former coronavirus patient Tom Hanks, shared advice on how to make face masks with minimal effort. His tutorial dropped the same day the CDC  all Americans wear masks in public during the coronavirus pandemic. 
Those of us who are able, need to be finding a way to  coronavirus and it’s impact. Every single one of us.
Trump says he agrees with the decision on the captain of the USS Theodore Roosevelt, who was relieved  after writing a memo pleading for assistance in addressing the coronavirus outbreak on the nuclear-powered aircraft carrier 
Fact check: Trump falsely claims plane and train passengers are being tested for the coronavirus  …
The risks taken daily by the armies of British doctors, nurses and healthcare workers treating coronavirus patients have been starkly illustrated by a growing number of deaths.  …
This is an eternal truth that was somehow seemingly disregarded by those most responsible for structuring Australia's coronavirus response: "It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends upon his not understanding it." - Upton Sinclair #COVID19au
A ray of hope. Raising research funds for new drugs needs to be a top priority for both the public and private sectors. HIV drug leronlimab, which successfully treats coronavirus, moving to phase 2 trials  … via @nypost
. @RealCandaceO is calling for the Connecticut governor's resignation, after he allegedly "LIED about the infant death from #coronavirus." “If you can be arrested for yelling fire in a theatre, @GovNedLamont should be in prison for this,” said 
Fears for wildlife recovery after bushfires as coronavirus crisis stymies scientists’ fieldwork  …
Sharing my thoughts on statements made by Donald Trump during his coronavirus press conference that just ended. 
The next coronavirus relief package must include additional support to expand home internet access so more students can access online learning while schools are closed.  …
Coronavirus News: Some grocery stores to create 'fast lanes' for first responders  
This is tragic: Due to Trump's hyping of the unproven hydroxychloroquine for coronavirus, people have been panic buying, creating a shortage in the US. People w/lupus depend on this drug to survive. They're now having trouble filling their prescriptions. #TrumpPressBriefing
At least 8 strains of the coronavirus have been identified  
Unelected Hack Loeffler, sold $18.7 millions and bought into  making Coronavirus protective gear after a closed door briefing.
Which of Trump’s cronies manufactures hydroxychloroquine? #coronavirus
≈ 8,392 Americans have now died from #coronavirus. NC Sen. Burr sold between $628,033 & $1.7 million of stocks. That's ≈ $74- $202 per dead American. Is that how much our lives are worth to you @SenatorBurr?  … via @VanityFair
The first big call of his leadership and @Keir_Starmer got it wrong. The Tories have made  mess of dealing with the #coronavirus pandemic. Their  is causing avoidable deaths. It is the job of @UKLabour to hold the Tories to account not collaborate with them.
Even as coronavirus spreads, hospitals are discharging patients who had previously tested positive for the virus. 
Imagine if the coronavirus had happened in 2012, when Obama was president and the GOP held the House. They wouldn't have passed any relief bill. They would've let you die to hurt Obama. Anyone who claims that both parties are the same can fuck all the way off.
Did coronavirus leak from a research lab in Wuhan?  via @MailOnline
WOW! Dr. Fauci Cheered Hydroxychloroquine Success Treating MERS Coronavirus in 2013... But Today He's Skeptical... That's Weird?  … via @gatewaypundit
YO NEXT MAN TO GET CORONAVIRUS IN LUCIA ISSA BULLA
Good piece here in @USATODAY from a PhD in microbiology arguing our response to the coronavirus is disproportionate given the risk:  …
Fox News sued for 'willfully and maliciously deceiving public' about the dangers of the coronavirus | Daily Mail Online  …
How sick is this @nicolaSturgeon ? What are you going to do about it? Claim it was merely an “error for which she apologises” @ScotGov. Scots chief medic put lives at risk by undermining coronavirus lockdown policy  …
HIV drug leronlimab, which successfully treats coronavirus, is moving to phase 2 trials  
I AGREE WITH @TuckerCarlson‘We Should Never Let Someone Like That Run This Country’: Tucker Carlson Says Dr. Fauci’s Advice Could Lead To ‘National Suicide’. #COVID19 #coronavirus  …
The insanity is that the GOP dropped the ball on #COVID19 so badly: -Gutting pandemic response team -Ending pandemic fire drills -Reducing CDC funding -Sitting on coronavirus intelligence from January & doing little for 2.5 months -Not supplying states w/enough PPE & ventilators
Trump says Navy captain letter asking for help on coronavirus-stricken ship 'was terrible' 
@Freedom2713 is speechless yet again by this horrid woman.. NO FUCKING WAY!! #NancyHatesYou #NancyPelosiHatesAmericans #VoteNancyOut House Democrats introduce bill giving coronavirus aid to illegal immigrants 
Coronavirus hits African despots hard now they can no longer fly abroad to have expensive medical treatment 
U.S. will pay hospitals to treat uninsured coronavirus patients.  
Trump says NFL season should start on time amid coronavirus crisis  …
This Coronavirus stay at home order is NOT getting me down. I’m not scared. I deal with daily permanent neck/nerve damage. It’s all MENTAL! We can all get through this. Watch a movie. Talk to your family. Get over it. This to shall pass!
#weddingcontest Coronavirus may have altered the original plan, but it was nothing short of perfect. 
USPS drivers bringing mail to areas hardest hit by coronavirus demand hazard pay  
Coronavirus Scotland: Fury as Scots chief medic Catherine Calderwood flouts own Covid-19 lockdown rule visiting 2nd home in Fife. This woman just stuck two fingers up at us all.  …
This WWll Vet Bill Lipschies is truly an incredible patriot,Vet & human being! At 104 y/o he has survived: Spanish flu Great depression WWll &amp; Coronavirus! Happy Birthday Bill. You’re my Hero! PLS straight up RT if he’s your hero too 
New this morning. Hidden lede ; Australia had been trying to get the World Health Organization to push China to close its live wet markets as a health risk for some time prior to the coronavirus outbreak cc @thespybrief @DrDenaGrayson  …
Los Angeles County announced 28 new deaths related to the coronavirus on Saturday, by far the largest one-day rise in fatalities yet as officials said they are preparing for several tough weeks again  …
The governor said the Chinese government was sending the ventilators as the state faces a shortage of medical equipment amid the coronavirus pandemic. 
#CoronaVirusUpdate: 100s of bikers FLOOD Queens streets in #NYC to attend a funeral... In violation of requests from every level of gov't to practice #SocialDistancing to slow the spread of #Coronavirus that's burning thru #NewYork Tack on another MONTH to the shutdown, 
Jacob Rees-Mogg's firm, Somerset Capital Management LLP, sees opportunity to make "super normal returns" from coronavirus market chaos. via @TheSundayMirror  
Child rapist released from prison to keep him safe from coronavirus  … via @BIZPACReview
Trump, GOP challenge efforts to make voting easier amid coronavirus pandemic  …
Fayemi appoints Fayose  on resource mobilisation against COVID-19 | TheCable  … #COVID19 #coronavirus 
"By the time Donald Trump proclaimed himself a wartime president — and the #coronavirus the enemy — the United States was already on course to see more of its people die than in the wars of Korea, Vietnam, Afghanistan and   …
Coronavirus facts: • millions of ordinary jobs have been lost, • better paid knowledge workers face only the nuisance of home working, • low-wage workers r risking their lives as carers, healthcare workers, shelf stackers, delivery drivers &cleaners.  …
Together we will beat this. Here are the latest #Coronavirus numbers by state and Florida county. 
We’re like 12 hours away from 10,000 coronavirus deaths in the US but yeah sure Joe Rogan
You're telling me this silver infused kale protein shake won't cure me of coronavirus?
[ICYMI] Coronavirus: Eleven states, FCT shun chloroquine clinical trial –NAFDAC 
what ignorant fools Nurses are being spat on and abused by the public,forcing many hospitals to order staff to only wear uniforms at work. In a disturbing trend ill-informed people are taking out their fears of coronavirus on health workers,claiming they are spreading the virus.
Any adult, with even a modest degree of life-experience, watching Trump's presser today  to the conclusion that the President of the United States was high. #Coronavirus #COVID19
Donald Trump threatens to ingest dangerous untested coronavirus drug during deranged meltdown for the ages  …
America has no shortage of bombs, missiles, and guns, but coronavirus tests, masks, gloves, ventilators, and protective equipment— not so much.
NEW: President Trump is considering a second coronavirus task force focused on reopening the US economy  
China joins Human Rights Council Panel despite: -mass surveillance -social credit system -disappearances of dissidents -organ harvesting industry -severe clampdowns on freedom of speech -shady coronavirus response It's like a bad joke  …
Breaking-- Atlanta Centers for Disease Control discovers that the coronavirus is rendered inert with a single application of Axe body spray.
Lawmakers in both Houses of Congress DEMAND PROBE into firing of Captain #Crozier Faced with a nightmare scenario as coronavirus stalked the 3,000 man crew of his aircraft carrier and DISPLEASED WITH THE RESPONSE HE WAS GETTING FROM THE NAVY  …
A coronavirus vaccine in 18 months? Experts urge reality check 
While doctors are legally allowed to prescribe FDA-approved drugs for any disease, preliminary studies of #Hydroxychloroquine must to be confirmed in controlled trials to determine whether it's effective against #coronavirus. #Fact: This drug can cause FATAL heart  …
If the coronavirus rips through The Villages  in Florida, experts say  huge population of highly social seniors could crush the local health care system. @TB_Times 
Jacob Rees Mogg's firm set to make fortune from the coronavirus crisis  …
Rome’s mayor, Virginia Raggi, boasts on social media that police have conducted a record number of stops of citizens and handed out hundreds of hefty fines for those judged to be in  with the coronavirus lockdown. 
Probably the same reason Dr. Drew thinks COVID-19 was so named because the first case year was in 2019 spoiler, that’s not it at all, it’s merely the 19th variation of coronavirus  …
Washington state tribes, allies mobilize to gather medical protection needed in coronavirus fight  … via @seattletimes
The public safety director at the New Orleans convention center—where the state is erecting a temporary hospital for coronavirus patients—was arrested for allegedly stealing N95 masks. #lalege #lagov via  …
One thing I have learned wearing a thick coronavirus mask today. My own stinky breath could take me out faster than the coronavirus could!
Has anyone called out this lie? You could always fly here from China (even Wuhan), and no one gets tested when they land. 430,000 People Have Traveled From China to U.S. Since Coronavirus Surfaced 
Top psychiatrist explains why Trump's coronavirus response is worse than having no leader at all by The Dworkin Report • A podcast on Anchor  …
Albania's 29 new coronavirus cases mark highest daily surge  
CORONAVIRUS: President Donald Trump said the U.S. was heading into what could be its “toughest” weeks as coronavirus cases swell nationwide. Trump also revisited a familiar message, saying he wants to get the economy up and running as soon as possible. (AP) 
WATCH: Firefighters applaud healthcare workers who are fighting coronavirus at Elmhurst hospital in New York City. 
Nurses in Boston, US, are encouraging people to donate surgical masks and respirators for those on the front lines in the coronavirus fight 
*Coronavirus postpones/cancels most festivals this year* My bank account: 
Them 5G Towers will kill you way before the Coronavirus does, stay woke!
Coronavirus pandemic could lead to biggest carbon emissions drop since World War II  
If that doctor was your father, Will you want a Coronavirus patient to lie to him in that way? If that nurse was your wife or mother, will want someone to expose her to this virus like this? Why are  animals when we go to hospitals and expose other people to risks?
Thank you to the 49- yes, I said FORTY-NINE (!) #guelph area family physicians who have said YES- to seeing patients at the #COVID19 #coronavirus assessment clinic at the Vic. Rd. Rec. centre starting Monday. @guelphfht  #primarycare
Sleepy @JoeBiden has treated every moment of the coronavirus crisis as a political calculation. Virtually everything Biden calls for, @realDonaldTrump is already doing. Biden is ineffectively sniping from the sidelines in a futile search for  …
Pick your POTUS. Bernie Sanders is using his powerful campaign infrastructure to help rai$e for #coronavirus charities helping the most vulnerable. Joe Biden is doing private fundraisers with Silicon Valley elite for $2,800/person.   …
MUST READ. Chronology: Trump Was On Top Of Coronavirus While Biden Mocked “No media or Nancy Pelosi false narratives or phony Joe Biden campaign ad can change the truth about the real chronology of the coronavirus.”  …
3M says the Trump administration has told  to stop exporting respirators to Canada. Meanwhile, thousands of Canadian health care workers are putting their lives at risk to help the US respond to the coronavirus outbreak:  … #COVID19 #coronavirus
 for you Hannity!!!! Sean Hannity defends Fox News against claims of coronavirus misinformation: 'I never called it a ...  … via @YahooNews
WOW! Dr. Fauci Cheered Hydroxychloroquine Success Treating MERS Coronavirus in 2013... But Today He's Skeptical... That's Weird?  … via @gatewaypundit
A husband and wife I know got coronavirus. She didn't get sick but earlier this week it looked like he wouldn't make it. Just got word the Hydroxychloroquine treatment has been effective enough the doctors are talking about weaning him of ventilator. They prayed for a miracle.
A small trial finds that hydroxychloroquine is not effective for treating coronavirus  …
Illinois confronts a chaotic Trump approach to the coronavirus — Illinois Governor Pritzker: “We’re finding ways to work around the federal government, which just shouldn’t be  out of the mouth of a governor, but that’s absolutely the case”  …
#BREAKING Health officials report 28 deaths and 711 new #coronavirus cases in Los Angeles County, bringing case total to 5,277 
Coronavirus Hospitalizations Lower Than Projected  … 
Trump, GOP challenge efforts to make voting easier amid coronavirus pandemic 
Brazil's lawmakers pass 'war budget' as coronavirus cases surpass 10,000  
I feel like Trump *might* have invested  behind Hydroxycholorquine. Trump: "Try it. What have you got to lose? People who have Lupus aren't catching coronavirus. That might be true - might be false, I don't know. Someone should look into that."
What are the true origins of the Coronavirus? Bats in China are raising questions. A Watters’ World investigation with #stevenmosher and @JesseBWatters, tonight. #FoxNews 8pm 
While Adam Schiff was conducting a politically motivated impeachment witchhunt, the coronavirus was spreading from China. What if Schiff used his time on the  to investigate the Chinese back in October November December? Might we not be in this situation today?  …
Shatta has made Ghanaians forgotten about coronavirus but we all know sexy kabutey will take us back to sorrowful days. #Faithconcert
Dear #medtwitter *NEW @NHSEngland GUIDANCE * “Clinical guide for the management of surge during the coronavirus pandemic: rapid learning” Please share far & wide #COVID2019 #COVID19 #coronavirus #coronavirusuk #CoronavirusPandemic #nhs #NHSNightingale 
Good news fellow Australian’s. Daily increase of coronavirus SLOWS 
To prevent the spread of the coronavirus, The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention are  that Republicans wash their faces after kissing Donald Trump's ass. #TrumpPressBriefing
Revealed: UK social care system could collapse within weeks amid coronavirus pressures  …
If you believe 5G caused the coronavirus, you are an imbecile. If you attack 5G masts because of this belief, you are an uncaged wild animal endangering other people.  …
Trump asked a question; what happened if every coronavirus patient has ventilator and do u think it will reduce death ? For him , he believes in hydroxychloroquine despite not approved by FDA. Can a medical expert educate me ? I am not 5G Pastor abeg
Lockdowns work, but it *takes time* before they #FlattenTheCurve (~18 days in #Italy). Infected people infect their housemates + #coronavirus incubation period + time to get sick enough to seek medical attention. Please #StayHome and SAVE LIVES. #COVID19 
Hope they experience the ULTIMATE PRICE for supporting this MoFo!! Trump Is Crashing And Burning With His Own Supporters In New Coronavirus Poll  … via @politicususa
Today's coronavirus testing data shows a big jump - over 216k tests reported yesterday. Only a small increase in positives, massive increase in negatives. It looks like CA and some others finally reported a bunch of previously unreported negative tests! 
CORONAVIRUS MAY MEAN REMAINING IN EU Two-thirds of people want an extension to the Brexit transition period to focus on the coronavirus outbreak, a new opinion poll indicates. The poll of over 2,000 adults had high support among Conservative and Brexit Party voters.
Where do we stand in the race for a vaccine for Coronavirus? @SteveFDA tells @JesseBWatters what you need to know, tonight. #FoxNews 8PM 
Iran health official warns 30 % increase past 2 days in hospitalization of coronavirus cases in Tehran. As Iran government opens ministries for business as usual & people pack the streets. 
Dear . @JackMa, The American people thank you for the #Ventilators. You have saved many lives. May everyone learn from your action and empathy. P.S. Donald Trump says you're a friend of his. What say you? #Coronavirus #COVID
There’s something about lilies! I salvaged a couple from my 2 week old bouquet ~ Also a few sprigs of eucalyptus Such a lovely shade of green #thedailysketch #Watercolour #Kilkenny #coronavirus 
Modeling shows New York, Detroit and New Orleans will hit the peak of their outbreaks in the next six or seven days, U.S. coronavirus response coordinator Dr. Deborah Birx said 
The daily coronavirus briefings are often unsettling. The one today was perhaps the most troubling I've seen. POTUS eagerly touting an unproven drug, warning about difficult days ahead and signaling impatience with social distancing that his medical advisers describe as crucial.
We do have stupid people in Europe. But I haven't heard anyone say that the coronavirus is like the flu or not taking it seriously. What I hear from Trump supporters is properly insane. I'm extremely worried for you.
Coronavirus: Morgue staff exhausted by the numbers of dead  …
While you may not be able to join your parish for #HolyWeek2020 this year due to the coronavirus pandemic, let's join Pope Francis at the Vatican. Tune in to our live stream of Palm Sunday Mass at:  
Rand Paul was diagnosed with the Coronavirus on March 22, 13 days ago. We haven’t heard a word since about his condition. Remember, Paul lost part of his lung in that earlier attack from his neighbor. The silence about his condition is odd.
I been social distancing way before the Coronavirus
Last week, evangelical pastor Jerry Falwell Jr. ordered his students and staff back to Liberty University. Now, at least 12 students are displaying coronavirus-like symptoms. 
Coronavirus could trigger the biggest fall in carbon emissions since World War Two 
Donald Trump threatens to ingest dangerous untested coronavirus drug during deranged meltdown for the ages  …
Rep. James Clyburn, Who Touted Coronavirus As ‘Tremendous’ Political Opportunity, to Take Helm of Pandemic Oversight Committee 
Coronavirus hasn’t stopped Jared Kushner’s real estate empire from hounding tenants with debt collection, eviction lawsuits  by @lhfang
Here’s the video of my discussion today with @HorvatSrecko for @DiEM_25 TV about coronavirus, killer capitalism and the 2020 election: 
"Right now a lot of states are refusing to see what is plainly in front of their face.” —Chris Hayes on states without stay-at-home orders amid coronavirus pandemic 
An Instagram Influencer With 1.3 Million Followers Gets Absolutely BLOWN UP By A Twitter Mega-Thread Exposing Her For Either A) Faking Coronavirus or B) Infecting The Entire Hamptons By Traveling Out East To Model Pajamas After She Tested Positive  
. @JudicialWatch President @TomFitton on #Coronavirus: "The only way to rescue the economy is to get the country moving again. A strong economy is the best way to protect public health in the long term." 
Aligarh: Three arrested, including a Maulvi, for stone pelting, attacking police when asked to disperse from Mosque amidst Coronavirus lockdown  …
[ICYMI] We won’t release coronavirus corpses to families – FG 
President Trump: We are now approaching a "horrendous" time in the coronavirus outbreak in the U.S. "We are getting to that time where the numbers are going to peak and it is not going to be a good looking situation...It's a terrible thing."
President @realDonaldTrump donated his salary to fight the coronavirus. Nancy Pelosi asked for a raise. Could the contrast be any greater?
WHAT THE HELLBack in 2017, Dr. Fauci told an audience the Trump administration will not only be challenged by ongoing global health threats such as influenza and HIV, but also a surprise disease outbreak. #COVID19 #coronavirus  …
“Take it” Trump says,  people take hydroxychloroquine. Dr. Fauci looks furious. He has his arms crossed and he’s leaning against the wall. He made it clear this week there’s no “strong” evidence it works against coronavirus.
Another 708 people have died after testing positive for #coronavirus - taking the UK's total to 4,313 
. @NYGovCuomo expects new #coronavirus cases in #NY to peak in ~7 days, but deaths won't peak for another ~2-3 weeks thereafter. The other 2/3 of new #COVID19 cases are in regions that 1) locked down LATER than NY or still haven't locked down = NOT  …
Coronavirus: Five London bus workers have died from Covid-19 Grim announcement made by Unite union as capital's public transport network remains open and continues to play crucial role in supporting frontline NHS medical staff  …
President Trump lashing out at @catherine_lucey for asking about banks and lending through the $2 trillion coronavirus bill.  …
In other words: the death toll we are seeing is “people that tested positive for the the virus, and are now dead.” Not, people that have died FROM Coronavirus. That number, when investigated, will be much lower. Italy determined only 12% of their death toll was FROM Covid  …
Ok. Can we just stop all of the charades and foolishness with trump and his so- called coronavirus task force and let Governors Cuomo and Newsom officially head up a governor’s task force to coordinate this pandemic response in a more uniform and responsible manner?
Trump falsely claims that people getting on and off planes are being tested for the coronavirus. There is no testing for people getting on and off planes.
Spain overtook Italy for the second most confirmed coronavirus cases worldwide.  …
Why is Germany's coronavirus death rate so low? Here's one reason - By the time Germany recorded its first case of Covid-19 in February, laboratories across the country had built up a stock of test kits.  …
my moms making masks & antibacterial to help prevent the spread of coronavirus. if anyone would like to purchase some let me know. I can deliver as well if you’re in my immediate area. thank you. 
While movie theaters are shut down temporarily due to #coronavirus, drive-in theaters are experiencing a boom period 
Ukrainian doctors fly to Italy to  coronavirus  
MUST READ Chronology: Trump Was On Top Of Coronavirus While Biden Mocked "No media or Nancy Pelosi false narratives or phony Joe Biden campaign ad can change the truth about the real chronology of the coronavirus."  …
This cannot be underscored enough. There is NO FDA approved treatment for coronavirus. Yet, Pres Trump is saying he might take an anti-malaria drug to seemingly prevent him from getting the virus and urging others to take it. Incredible.  …
The #Coronavirus outbreak brings no good to Europe. We have had 2 terror attacks in France in 2 day and today a man with 2 swords in his hands tried to attack police officers in #Madrid #Spain. Too much crazy in the air right 
Today’s Trump coronavirus task force briefing is the most batshit thing I’ve ever seen. Since yesterday’s.
I want hydroxychloroquine to work. I want any possible drug against the coronavirus to work. The problem is that we have no evidence that it works and to promote its use without any evidence and risk side effects is being a quack doctor who makes medical decisions based on rumor.
Dr. Debbie Birx says the hardest hit areas are on “the upside of their curve of mortality” and that the coronavirus curve for other areas depends on mitigation  
Trump said yesterday he would not follow new CDC guidelines to wear a mask because "it's not for me." Today he literally said he might go ahead and try hydroxycholorquine (even though he hasn't tested positive for coronavirus).  …
Per @Worldometers, new #coronavirus cases in #NY represent ~1/3 of all new US cases, falling from ~1/2 recently, as the outbreak surges in other #COVID19 hot zones, including #NJ, #MI, and #Louisiana. Watch #Florida (locked down yesterday) and #TX (no #lockdown) 
#CoronavirusPandemic #COVID19Pandemic No masks for our @USArmy National Guard on duty at a drive-thru #coronavirus testing site in the Bronx, but they still do their duty. Thank you for your service. #streetaoldiers #hot97 @HOT97 #fox5ny 
Coronavirus: Potential vaccine generates enough antibodies to fight off virus, first peer-reviewed study suggests  …
Trump is pushing Hydroxychloroquine as if he's satirizing a drug dealer (while he's high). This is straight out of Alice in Wonderland. #Coronavirus #COVID19
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has begun to conduct tests to find out whether people have been previously infected with the coronavirus, officials said Saturday.  …
Pres Trump is now urging ppl to try an unproven treatment for coronavirus. He said, "There's a possibility, a possibility, and I say it: what do you have to lose?...Take it. I really think they should take it. But it's their choice...Hydroxychloroquine. Try it. If you'd like."
It does not need FDA approval to be used for coronavirus treatment. Trump needs to slow his roll on the Hydroxychloroquine promotion, but previously approved anti-virals are able to be used for an off-label purpose without needing to be approved for a second time.  …
6-Year-Old with Cystic Fybrosis Beats Coronavirus  …
Grim: Rees-Mogg’s firm calls coronavirus crisis a “once in a lifetime” chance to get “super normal returns”  …
Los Angeles County Announces 28 New Deaths Related to 2019 Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) 711 New Cases of Confirmed #COVID19 in Los Angeles County  
If this description of what it's like to die from Coronavirus doesn't make you #StayHome nothing will. #COVID2019 
Names that make sense: Chinese Virus (origin location) Wuhan Coronavirus (specific origin location) CCP Virus (this is the Communists' fault) Instead, WHO called it "COVID-19." Why? Because the World Health Organization is controlled by the Chinese Communist Party.
I love the way Pence keep saying the president's guidelines for Coronavirus. Trump couldn't write guidelines on how to sharpen a pencil if his life depended on it
Major to coronavirus survival: DONOTLISTENTOTHEPRESIDENT!  …
If you are put on a venilator with the coronavirus. You have a 80% chance of NOT making it.. Very sad..
Trump: It will be a gift from heaven if #Hydroxychloroquine works. I don't want to answer the question re:ventilators, b/c you know the answer already. I WILL NEVER FORGET THAT TRUMP GOLFED & CALLED #coronavirus A DEMOCRATIC HOAX & IS STILL PLAYING POLITICS. #StopAiringTrumpNow
If - as #DonaldTrump insists - #coronavirus is a war, will there will be a war crimes trial after  through it, and will he and his friends be in the dock? #fox #foxnewsLiedPeopleDied
Coronavirus has now killed more Americans than the Iraq War.  …
REPORT: The iconic Queen Mary could soon be used in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic as the COVID-19 crisis floods hospitals with more patients than they will soon be able to handle. 
Show typical British resolve, Queen to tell nation amid coronavirus outbreak  
Read this Washington Post story and then tell me with a straight face that the Trump administration didn’t botch the response to the coronavirus. You can’t. 
Coronavirus a contributing factor to Lehigh Valley patient’s death, coroner says -   …
There is no proof coronavirus can be spread while shopping, says leading German virologist #COVID19 #Coronavirus  …
Church defies coronavirus lockdown orders — now 71 parishioners are infected and one has died 
Fox News sued for 'willfully and maliciously deceiving public' about the dangers of the coronavirus  …
Beautifully illustrated guide to the coronavirus COVID-19 genome from the New York Times' Jonathan Corum and Carl Zimmer. Drug hunters, find your targets! Bad News Wrapped in Protein: Inside the Coronavirus Genome 
25 doctors have now in isolation in UBTH Benin because three morons with Coronavirus decided to lie about their travel history. Of this 25 doctors, 13 have just finished medical school. Just imagine: 6years of med school, And get killed by a virus. Why are these patients evil?
Dr. Birx says critical two weeks for places incl Washington DC, Pennsylvania and Colorado, whose coronavirus cases are starting to spike up the curve, to "do everything you can" to stay home and bend the curve.
NOTE: Louisiana has more registered Democrats than Republicans. In 2020 it will be one of the States Democrats need badly to win. They can’t flip Alabama so they are opting for Louisiana instead. 8 electoral votes. Other Coronavirus States: Michigan, 16 electoral votes.
You sick fucks! Trump administration used #Venezuela anti-drug operation to distract from coronavirus crisis at home, officials say  …
Trajectory of growth for coronavirus deaths has curved for Spain and Italy, but the US line is still straight up - we have had the most daily deaths in the world for 4 days and counting. 
Dr. Birx: "This is the moment to do everything that you can on the presidential guidelines. This is the moment to not be going to the grocery store, not going to the pharmacy but doing everything you can to keep your family and your friends safe." #coronavirus
For decades, I’ve championed a different, better kind of city, one that has rejected car-dependency & all it’s obvious costs & consequences. The #coronavirus pandemic may represent the biggest threat to that better city vision, if we allow it to mean the death of public transit. 
‘Code Blue’: A Brooklyn I.C.U. Fights for Each Life in a Coronavirus Surge   photographs and video from @victorjblue, reported @official_tbhc
It's normal for situations like Novel #Coronavirus ( #COVID19) to affect your mental health. @ottawahealth has put together a listing of Mental Health Resources available to you.  
A lengthy shutdown has never made any sense. Today's press conference shows the goalposts are phantoms. We must reject out of the hand another 30 days of destruction of our economy and our liberty. #coronavirus  …
The number of #coronavirus deaths in #NY is *DOUBLING every 2 days*. #Michigan's death toll is rising faster than #Italy's (Lombardy) did at the same point. #NJ's death toll now on the same trajectory as #Italy. Still no nationwide #lockdown. h/t @jburnmurdoch 
i’m sorry that u have to hold off on ur horse dildo collection so amazon workers don’t get coronavirus and die lindsay u are in my prayers. imagine being this selfish lmao  …
Did Bill Gates Just Reveal the Reason Behind the Lock-Downs?  … #Coronavirus 
My daughter is so GREAT! This is what people should be doing under lockdown. Bonding with your family! Complaining doesn’t help, but social distancing DOES. Bills will be there when this is over. So just for today put it out of your head. #COVID2019 #coronavirus 
President Trump is going full throttle today at his Coronavirus press conference. He’s taking nothing from nobody and answering everything in detail. Bravo.
If Trump thinks the question about the shortage of Ventilators is a “Nasty” Question, He should try being one of the People infected with the CoronaVirus, who without a Ventilator, will die from asphyxiation, while in the Hospital, under a Doctors care. That is a “Nasty” Death.
Donald Trump threatens to ingest dangerous untested coronavirus drug during deranged meltdown for the ages  …
Jim Jones: drink the kool aid. Donald Trump: take this dangerous untested coronavirus drug.
I’m sure  can rely on a prediction from the only man on earth to both bankrupt a football league & accuse the coronavirus of being a hoax.  …
"China has tried to restore its image after lying to the world about the seriousness of its coronavirus outbreak, but its attempts at humanitarianism have turned out to be as slippery as its wet markets," writes  …
BREAKING: L.A. County reports another 711 coronavirus cases and 28 new deaths, bringing the countywide total to 5,277  …
On Trump's cowardly dodge RE: Joe Biden calling him out for his failure to prepare our nation for the coronavirus pandemic, here's Biden warning Trump not to take China's word on containment. But Trump did just that, and praised their handling of the crisis.  …
If the coronavirus has exposed the country’s misplaced confidence in its ability to handle a crisis, it also has cast harsh light on the limits of Trump’s approach to the presidency — his disdain for facts, science and experience.  …
BREAKING: An official at New Orleans’ Ernest N. Morial Convention Center was arrested for allegedly stealing 80 N95 masks, which are already in short supply amid the coronavirus pandemic. MORE:  …
We often see #dolphins in the river. We rarely see them doing this — leaping. Made my morning. OK, now back to the house. ... I am taking #coronavirus very seriously. Haven’t left the house in weeks — except to go for a run, walk the dog and, if I’m lucky, paddle with dolphins. 
The city of Tuscaloosa came up with a clever way to remind its residents to practice social distancing during the coronavirus outbreak in the U.S., and it involves LSU football, according to WBRZ report. DETAILS:  …
Makes sense as the coronavirus observes the holiday and has promised not to infect people on that day.  …
#ThankYouGM | @CCIanHopkins thanks the vast majority of Greater Manchester for doing their bit to help tackle the #Coronavirus. The weather is forecast to be warm tomorrow but we're encouraging everyone to #StayHomeStaySafeSaveLives. We're all in this together. #StayHomeGM  
Unexpected consequence of The Great Shutdown. "Philly-area hospitals furlough employees as coronavirus prep depletes revenue."  …
Nicholas Witchell. Tomorrow night, it is confidently predicted, the Queen will "praise Britain's response to coronavirus". Now that will include the Tory's criminally lax response, which is why I'm a Republican.
Trump: "California's a country. New York's a country." Me: I'm moving to Cali. #Coronavirus #COVID19
NEWS: @VodafoneAU has provided the Federal and New South Wales governments with the location data of millions of Australians to help ensure people are following social distancing rules & stop the spread of #coronavirus.  says no personal information was passed on.
Boris Johnson’s coronavirus adviser calls for a way out of lockdown  …
While President Trump is having his Coronavirus Press Conference Briefing informing the American people on critical information, CNN is running the Death Count Tally Board at the same time. CNN IS EVIL!
“The cure can not be worse than the problem “???!? The Problem is YOU’RE REFUSING to Do what is PROVEN TO STOP CORONA: 1. Test EVERYONE & treat free 2. Trace all exposed 3. Quarantine them all! SKorea! #Coronavirus: US reports more than 300,000 cases  …
Do you have confidence in President Trump's handling of the coronavirus crisis?
"Some are hot spots, and there is nothing that we are going to do about it." @realDonaldTrump just admitted he's NOT GOING TO HELP #COVID19 #coronavirus #CoronavirusPandemic
Coronavirus deaths: About 12 people an hour are dying of COVID-19 in NYC  
As soon as this coronavirus is over I’m making me so damn babies
Social distancing is a privilege - for billions of people it’s impossible. What happens when #COVID19 rips through urban slums, refugee camps or conflict zones? My feature on a looming humanitarian disaster:  … #Coronavirus #Perspective
Dear anti- @realDonaldTrump media, India approved #Hydroxychloroquine's use as a PREVENTATIVE for #coronavirus.  …
Google releases location tracking data for coronavirus lockdown movement  
Weirdest thing about coronavirus is how much i want pizza. all day, every day, just pizza. apparently i don't have a fight or flight response. just a pizza response.
Seeking coronavirus relief, firm with Kushner ties emails Trump admin  … via @nbcnews
If Country Concert gets cancelled because of the coronavirus I better not hear one person my  about it because they can’t listen to DeWine and stay home.
Iran: Coronavirus Death Toll Exceeds 17,500 in 240 Cities The People’s Mojahedin Organization of Iran (PMOI / MEK) announced on April 4, 2020, that the death toll for the #Coronavirus in 240 cities exceeds 17,500 across #Iran.  …
Trump: "at a certain point, hard decisions will have to be made." Translated: People will die, get over it. #Coronavirus #COVID19
Trump has no idea how coronavirus is transmitted from person to person and therefore doesn't get why packed churches amid a pandemic is a bad idea. This clip of him talking about how he considered an Easter exemption from social distancing shows it. 
Want to reelect him?...Trump Knew About The Coronavirus For 70 Days And Did Nothing  … via @politicususa
Mount Sinai has performed three convalescent plasma transfusions to treat current #coronavirus patients, and has received a massive response from recovered patients:  #COVID19
People over 65 and people with underlying medical conditions are at higher risk for getting seriously ill from #coronavirus. Together, we can help slow the spread. Learn ways to protect yourself and others at  . 
"This has a big impact, there is no one at the market, at this time of the day, we have nothing to do here," said Abbas Kose, a vendor at an Istanbul bazaar, speaking after an order for shoppers wear facemasks to curb the spread of the novel #coronavirus  
Donald Trump threatens to ingest dangerous untested coronavirus drug during deranged meltdown for the ages  …
Under no circumstances should hydroxychloroquine be used as prophylaxis against the coronavirus for patients who test negative and have no symptoms. Trump telling everyone that he may take the drug despite testing negative twice and having no symptoms is extremely irresponsible.
Six-year-old cystic fibrosis 'warrior' announces he beat coronavirus 
Can't underscore enough: Pres Trump said he might start taking hydroxychloroquine, the anti-malaria drug he keeps touting as a coronavirus treatment. Experts are still trying to figure out if it is effective against the virus. And, Trump has said he is negative for the virus.
Khan told us we would not catch Coronavirus on the tube. What ACTION did he take to protect his bus drivers - part from blaming everyone else that is. My corner shop has better protected staff.  …
Trump tried to blame the former captain of the USS Theodore Roosevelt for the coronavirus infection on his ship and then admitted that he fired him for writing a letter.  … via @politicususa
2 pols urge de Blasio to oust Health Commissioner Barbot over coronavirus response  
Queen to call for resolve and self-discipline in fight against coronavirus 
Amazon may soon begin screening its employees for coronavirus  …
The coronavirus pandemic has challenged Christian churches to find socially distant ways to launch Holy Week on Palm Sunday 
Better give Trump like 35 Pinocchios for not being able to see the future at the very beginning of February when China was lying to the world about how contagious and deadly the coronavirus is.  …
Coronavirus: Potential vaccine generates enough antibodies to fight off virus, first peer-reviewed study suggests  …
Trump's sadism is on full display. He's taking true joy-pleasure in both the recounting and prediction of death. #Coronavirus #COVID19
Trump tried to blame the former captain of the USS Theodore Roosevelt for the coronavirus infection on his ship and then admitted that he fired him for writing a letter.  … via @politicususa
HIV drug showing signs of successfully treating coronavirus patients:  
Daily #coronavirus deaths in #NY continue to ACCELERATE, followed by #NJ, MI ( #Detroit) and #Louisiana. As I warned a few weeks ago, #Florida is emerging as major hot zone with #COVID19 deaths surging. This tragic trend will continue until ~2-3 weeks after new cases 
While coronavirus is raging, the end of Boko Haram could very well be here as countries intensify offensive against them, with Chad leading the charge. Who would’ve thought. God be with the joint force, Amen.
DO NOT LITTER: This afternoon, I went on a jog and noticed latex gloves and masks on the side of the road. Come on, people! Toss your gloves & masks in a nearby trash can! #coronavirus #CoronavirusOutbreak 
Carrie Symonds has coronavirus too: Boris Johnson's pregnant fiancee reveals she has been in bed for seven days with symptoms of disease that has also put the Prime Minister into isolation Hope mother, baby and dad get well soon....  …
His death was announced a couple days ago, but University of Maryland now discloses that distinguished professor David Driskell, a prominent authority on black art who has a center named after him on campus, died of coronavirus. The earlier obituary:  …
Donald Trump threatens to ingest dangerous untested coronavirus drug during deranged meltdown for the ages  …
So according to Fault news, contaminating someone’s food with your saliva is OK if you don’t have coronavirus. If anybody objects to such sick behaviour, they are spreading Islamophobia. How is it fake news when the said events have actually happened just at a different time?
"We're on our knees here... and we're all trying the best we can" Nurse Shirley Watts posted this emotional video urging people to "stay at home" after a long and difficult shift in an Intensive Care Unit treating patients with coronavirus  
If you ever needed additional proof that we're dealing with a psychopath Trump is praising doctors, nurses and first responders WHO HAVE DIED and WHO ARE LITERALLY DYING because he did not begin a real response to #coronavirus for more than two months. This is just disgusting
Gov. Gavin Newsom said he 'owns' coronavirus testing lapses, announces task force  …
SheaMoisture announces $1M relief fund to women of color entrepreneurs affected by coronavirus  …
Moving discussion by @RealDonaldTrump, Dr. Fauci and @VP on the heroism of our healthcare warriors directly treating #coronavirus patients.
Hi @PoliceNG, please take this serious. Hi @NOA_Nigeria, please get to work to dispel the unproven rumour of 5G causing coronavirus. Don’t say you were not told. Please read all the bullshit on the TL today, and ACT. Many thanks.  …
A host of claims and suggestions about the coronavirus have been exaggerated, misleading or lacking in full context. Here are five fact checks and stories that set the record straight this week. 
As tears go by. 630 New Yorkers died in the last 24 hours from #coronavirus- like a fire spreading now especially on Long Island. In London, 73-year old Marianne Faithfull is hospitalized w/pneumonia. She tested positive for #covid19. The horror of the pandemic is unspeakable.
I have a sincere question: how has @realDonaldTrump *NOT* contracted coronavirus? He doesn’t wear a mask, he doesn’t social distance, we know he doesn’t wash his hands often or at all bc he’s a monster, and he checks more than one vulnerable mark.
#SaturdayMotivation Let's take a look at Trumps timeline & use of time since the Coronavirus became known to be in the U.S & his actions after learning it's a threat to the people of this country. The following meme has accurate dates & times of Trump working on this "CodeRed!" 
#BREAKING: President Trump approves Gov. Ducey's request for Arizona major disaster declaration. This will bring much needed resources to #Arizona during the fight against the #coronavirus. 
"The American public owe a phenomenal debt of gratitude to these people," Dr. Fauci says of healthcare workers. He calls them "brave warriors" against the #coronavirus who put themselves & their families at risk every single day.
Hey Pence — Full Stop. We don't need your advice on prayer. #Coronavirus #COVID19
Coronavirus: 3M tells Trump halting exports would reduce number of masks  …
Watch our visualization to see how confirmed coronavirus cases in the US, Italy, and Spain have exploded in recent weeks.  
Coronavirus update, Africa: - Morocco: 128 new cases - Egypt: 85 new cases - Algeria: 80 new cases - South Africa: 80 new cases - Tunisia: 58 new cases - Cameroon: 46 new cases - Niger: 24 new cases - Rwanda: 13 new cases - Nigeria: 5 new cases - Kenya: 4 new cases
A couple in India have named their twins born amid the global #coronavirus pandemic Corona and Covid 
An accurate summary of most #coronavirus conversations right now 
President Trump predicted the next two weeks would see some of the worst of the U.S. coronavirus outbreak, saying “There will be a lot of death unfortunately” 
Premier League players intend to make "significant financial contributions" to support their clubs and non-playing staff during the coronavirus crisis, the Professional Footballers' Association (PFA) has announced.
Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro is calling for a national day of prayer and fasting this Sunday to "free Brazil from this evil" coronavirus pandemic.  …
Surprised delivery truck drivers arrived with packages to deliver, and left with much needed supplies in short supply during the coronavirus shutdown.  
Meanwhile, Navy sailors gave Capt. Brett Crozier, the USS Theodore  officer who was outsed after a letter he wrote about a coronavirus outbreak on the carrier was leaked to news outlets, an emotional send-off on Friday.  …
Tonight at 7 p.m. ET join me for a live town hall on the coronavirus pandemic and our priorities for the next relief package, featuring music by @boniver and @sopharela. Watch at  
Dr. Deborah Birx: the Department of Defense providing health care providers to help with coronavirus is “a very big deal,” unprecedented 
Interview with the Philadelphia Inquirer about the Muslim’s Perspective on the Coronavirus Shaikh Hassan Somali 
Trump says the “job numbers are what they are” as people have been told to stay home from work to help minimize the impact from coronavirus  
Since China’s authorities disclosed the coronavirus outbreak to international health officials on Dec 31, at least 430,000 people arrived in US on direct flights from China 40,000 have arrived after Trump imposed loopholed restrictions, well into this week  …
#Coronavirus: US reports more than 300,000 cases How to downplay this? Accuse China of lying about their numbers.  …
Does your mask fit properly? Using #simulation, we can easily see the differences between a loose mask and a properly fitted one. #coronavirus #COVID19
We out here! Today we are installing more handwashing stations and hauling out illegal dumps. Working people need more sanitation services during the #coronavirus crisis! If @LibbySchaaf won’t provide more handwashing stations, we 
The US now has >300,000 total confirmed #COVID19 cases, the most by far in the world (but who knows about #China). As I've warned, #coronavirus cases in the Southern Hemisphere are starting to surge as their flu season starts. #Brazil is now a hot 
Astros' Justin Verlander donating MLB paychecks to coronavirus relief  
My opponent was one of only *40* House members to vote against the Families First Coronavirus Response Act. I’ve dedicated my career to fighting for public health, and I’m ready to take that fight to Congress. Chip in $5 to join my fight  …
Perspective: Texas banned me from providing abortions — using coronavirus as an excuse 
President @realDonaldTrump: “my administration is working very aggressively to pioneer” and accelerate coronavirus treatments and therapies 
People all worried about 5G causing coronavirus, but what about AuntyG spreading stuff on whatsapp hmm?
"OR THEY'RE STUPID": Illinois @GovPritzker says those who are not taking the coronavirus pandemic seriously are either not paying attention to the news or they're "stupid." More info:  
Congress MUST #RemoveTrumpNow. He's killing us all. ‘There will be a lot of death’: Trump warns America of coronavirus fatalities during COVID-19 briefing  …
U.S. CDC reports 277,205 coronavirus cases, 6,593 deaths  
"I don't want anyone else to experience this." Maura Lewinger talks to @ErinBurnett about her last moments with her husband, Joe, who died from coronavirus at 42-years-old  …
“This should alleviate any concern uninsured Americans may have about seeking the coronavirus treatment.” President Trump announced the gov't will pay for the medical treatment of #CCPVirus for uninsured Americans using funds from the  …
| Liverpool have been accused of abusing the system after  the 5th club to place non playing staff on furlough during the coronavirus pandemic. [Daily Mail] 
I send my son into the belly of the beast every day. The poor kid bags groceries in coronavirus central. My wife had 2 people test positive for coronavirus where she works and one already died. I honestly don’t want to shut our economy down, but I wish we would ALL wear masks
Had an email this evening from a fan saying, IN CAPITALS, they hope I contract coronavirus soon so my TV show is cancelled because I'm a greaseball skanky tramp bitch. I replied that I'm really flattered by the attention but I'm not single, sorry, and I wish them all the best
Already in a 21-day #coronavirus lockdown, South Africa is now embarking on the widespread testing and quarantine campaign involving some 10,000 field workers who are being sent out into homes in villages, towns and cities to screen for symptoms  
Today, the lab is enabling OHSU to identify #coronavirus patients within 36 hours. But back in March, there was no clinical microbiology laboratory at OHSU’s Marquam Hill campus. It was constructed, stocked, staffed and operational in just 14 days. 
Chinese bureaucrats in Wuhan and elsewhere have been forced to lie about the rates of #coronavirus infection and death tolls, as reporting numbers that are too high leads to their punishment, dismissal, or worse. 
Watch till the end #Dublin #COVID2019 #coronavirus 
Dr. Brix has stood side by side with Trump while he says wildly untrue things about the #coronavirus. She has stood by while Trump tore into female reporters and attacked first responders. She has destroyed her reputation and credibility for an unfit madman intent on destruction.
(3457) Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) Japan Tracker 
Dr Oz talked about a study yesterday that Docs noticed Lupus patients werent getting Coronavirus.
New daily #coronavirus cases in the US continue to ACCELERATE (~30,000 today), setting the global pace, albeit #China not accurate. #COVID19 deaths will SKYROCKET for ~2-3 weeks *after* the number of new cases flattens. Countries with #lockdowns were able to 
Baddi: Pharmaceutical industry has been badly hit due to #Coronavirus outbreak. Munish Thakur, General Secretary,Himachal Drugs Manufacturing Association says," #COVID19 has badly hit the pharma industry.Raw materials for this industry are imported mostly from counties like 
Captain Bone Spur retaliation against #CaptCrozier because he’s mad about the letter, not 150 Americans sailors infected by #coronavirus  …
"Chronology: Trump Was On Top Of Coronavirus While Biden Mocked." This is the story referenced by @realDonaldTrump  …
It should be no surprise Trump’s main concern is how to flout the law and exploit the coronavirus funds to feed his coffers.  …
To recap, the president of the United States says he may take an unproven drug in advance of getting coronavirus and encourages others to do so based on what he said was "a rumor." Health officials are studying it but have not cleared it.
3D-PRINTED PROTECTIVE VISORS FOR NHS STAFF ON THE CORONAVIRUS FRONTLINE | JLR Corporate Website  … Thanks @JLR_News your support to keep our staff safe is very much appreciated #CEOGlen
Thanks Chairman @RepEliotEngel and @SenatorMenendez, The Iranian Americans from 40 states, including your friends from @IAC_NY @IAC_NJ support your stand against the despots in #Iran #IranProtests2020 #NOCASH to @JZarif @HassanRouhani @khamenei_ir #coronavirus #Covid_19  … 
JUST IN: Nigeria reports 5 new cases of coronavirus, raising the total to 214. 4 deaths, 25 recovered.
Reporter: If you have Lupus & on plaquenil can you get #coronavirus? Dr. Fauci: NO definitive answer, we're looking into it. Trump (interrupts): We have LOTS of Hydroxychloroquine LOTS of it. There's a study out there, maybe it's true maybe it's not. OMG #StopAiringTrumpNow
Mother dies from coronavirus hours after giving birth to her first child in Ukrainian hospital 
Dr. Fauci contradicts Trump and says that there's not enough data to say that people taking a lupus drug haven't gotten the coronavirus. Trump  in and says: "I hope they use hydrochloroquine." He adds: "What do you have to lose?"
Trump telling everyone that he may take hydroxycholoroquine despite testing negative for the coronavirus on two separate occasions and not having any symptoms is extremely irresponsible and sets a horrible example for the American people and the doctors who may follow his advice.
Houston, we've got a problem: 'Houston hasn't reported a surge of #coronavirus cases. But its hospitals tell a different story.'  … via @nbcnews
Can someone TELL me what percentages of people going into hospitals have been tested positive for influenza vs #coronavirus 
Trump attacks 3M for trying to fulfill contracts abroad amid coronavirus: "The people that have dealt with him have dealt successfully with  over the last month. They don't like the way 3M has treated our country. They don't frankly like the representatives of 3M." 
The President’s decision to name one of his own staff lawyers to serve as the independent Inspector General overseeing the disbursement of hundreds of billions of federal dollars in coronavirus crisis emergency aid smacks of the proverbial ‘fox guarding the henhouse.’
India Drags China To International Court For #COVID19 War ... #GreatGameIndia reporting on the sinister aspect of #Coronavirus being manufactured as a biological weapon.. THE U.S. SHOULD FOLLOW SUIT ⁦ @realDonaldTrump⁩  …
What does this 5G-Coronavirus convos in Nigeria confirm? We hate science in Nigeria. Thanks to Alternative to Practicals. Our heads no fit carry science. Lets clap for ourselves.
Its FALSE that ppl w lupus arent getting infected with coronavirus
Read the article by Cleta Mitchell that President Trump just mentioned. Chronology: Trump Was On Top Of Coronavirus While Biden Mocked  …
We Cannot #Destroy The Country For The Sake Of NYC #NewYork City is being ravaged by #Wuhan #coronavirus, but the rest of country is being #destroyed by generation of economic collapse  … #QAnon #QAnon2018 #QAnon2020 #DemocratsHateAmerica 
This is the really bad conclusions people draw from media hysterics. NOBODY is estimating 8 million deaths in US from the virus, but media's misleading hysterics on this has led well-meaning people to conclude exactly that. #coronavirus  …
One of the many reasons we were so unprepared for coronavirus: Trump dismantled our pandemic preparedness programs.  …
Trump on the use of hydroxychloroquine by people in "bad shape" from the coronavirus: "What do you have to lose?" He says that "it's passed the safety test" since it's been used for years for other illnesses. Just not how this works.
Israeli Mossad helped Israel in getting much needed ventilators and over 500,000 testing kits for Coronavirus. Most were procured from countries without any diplomatic relations with Israel & it is believed they will be getting assistance in areas such as intelligence from Mossad
Here’s some incredible travel inspiration for you for when we’re done with the #coronavirus! The largest waterfall in #Vietnam, Ban Gioc Falls, is truly a magnificent sight to behold. via @ConvivialsNG #travel #nature #adventure 
Fox’s misinformation early on in the spread of the Coronavirus likely led to more deaths. This is not a partisan position, nor should it be.  …
Pink says she recovered from coronavirus, pledges $1 million for relief efforts  
Using donated blood from people who recovered from the coronavirus, extracting the antibodies and giving them to a patient infected with the coronavirus, sounds like a very promising treatment that is reserved for the richest of the rich not for regular Americans who are dying.
There is no coronavirus response info from this.
Trump justifies firing of Captain Crozier, captain who sounded alarm about coronavirus on his ship, because only about 10 percent of people aboard had the virus. Trump also claims it was "inappropriate" for Crozier to publicize the situation. 
US #coronavirus death continue to DOUBLE every 3 days, with no signs of slowing. #Italy locked down, and its #COVID19 death toll flattened. @realDonaldTrump *still* hasn't ordered a nationwide #lockdown, and our death toll is SKYROCKETING. INACTION = more people 
Coronavirus: Queen hopes crisis will prove 'this generation is as strong as any'  …
Coach Coombs has me fired up ready to fight the coronavirus 
Chronology: Trump Was On Top Of Coronavirus While Biden Mocked  …
President Trump says the U.S. is heading into what could be its “toughest” weeks as coronavirus cases rise nationwide. The number of people infected in the U.S. has exceeded 300,000, with the death toll climbing past 8,000. 
Italy coronavirus death toll rises by 681, intensive care falls  
Trump is  in chief and he's mocking a respected naval captain who pleaded for help for sailors sick with coronavirus. Sailors who gave Capt. Crozier a huge ovation and cheers of support as he departed after being fired.  …
Any patient who lies about their symptoms and travel history that later turns out to be positive for Coronavirus MUST be treated like a felon and a terrorist. Until these animals are treated like terrorists and prosecuted by law, this madness will not stop. This is irritating.
"I was called xenophobic," President @realDonaldTrump said, referencing Joe Biden calling travel restrictions to stop the coronavirus "xenophobic." "I appreciated the fact that Joe Biden announced last night that he now agrees that I was correct."
A new immunity test from Stanford and an increased focus on screening for coronavirus will help the state dramatically ramp up testing over the next few weeks, Gov. Gavin Newsom said Saturday, with an ultimate goal of getting Californians back to work. 
Trump says of Capt. Crozier being relieved of his post for criticizing Pentagon leadership over their handling of the coronavirus outbreak: "I thought it was terrible what he did. To write a letter? I mean, this isn't a class on literature."
Set up a youtube channel for lectures for my course on Coronavirus & Engineering. Week 1 lectures up  …
The news of a 5 year old child dying from Coronavirus should be more than a sufficient warning to people... PLEASESTAYATHOME
Aircraft Commander removed after issuing coronavirus warning letter and Trump supported it. In other words, military issues must not be disclosed or leaked to the press. You can conclude the next sentence yourself
The White House Coronavirus briefings aren’t informative or useful in any shape or form, they are a platform used by a bully to attack reporters with and to lie to people with. It’s Propaganda and it’s deadly. I’ll stick with watching Governor Andrew Cuomo.
Instead of penalising those who are smearing currency notes with their saliva with threats that they are sending coronavirus to kill you, you want to penalise those who feel scared of these videos. Classic case of treating the victim like terrorist and the terrorist like victim.  …
Three doctors, two from Sudan and one from Nigeria are among the first medical staff to die in UK's ongoing battle with coronavirus Two of them came out of retirement to support their colleagues in the NHS 
Anyone caught sunbathing / playing football / having BBQs should have their foreheads branded with ‘CUNT’ so that if they contract Coronavirus & need medical attention, the NHS can look at their head & say ‘Sorry, get fucked’ and booted out the door #StayHomeSaveLives
Thank you, WA state! Fox News sued for acting “in bad faith by disseminating false information about the novel coronavirus through its television news broadcasts and minimized the danger posed by the virus as COVID-19 began to explode into a pandemic.”  …
"He didn't write that. He doesn't write," Trump says of a Biden tweet attacking him on coronavirus. He says that if Biden was watching, he wouldn't even understand what is going on.
Just a friendly reminder that anyone can make a Twitter account with “MD” at the end on their handle, and anyone can write “ER doc” or “physician” in their profile. Be discerning before you retweet. Some of these are fake accounts exploiting the #coronavirus crisis.
China silenced coronavirus whistleblower Dr. Li Wenliang China to pick U.N. Human Rights Council's next monitor on world health Why,  …
Coronavirus update, April 4: - U.S. reached 300,000 cases - Spain reached 120,000 cases - Italy reached 120,000 cases - UK reached 40,000 cases - Switzerland reached 20,000 cases - Portugal reached 10,000 cases - Brazil reached 10,000 cases
Medical students up and down the country are helping to relieve pressure on NHS staff fighting coronavirus 
Trump promotes an article from The Federalist, which was recently blocked from Twitter for promoting coronavirus parties 
“I don’t know much about it,” Trump says about the Teddy Roosevelt captain cheered by his sailors after being sacked for his letter raising alarm about coronavirus onboard. He then gives a detailed account of what the captain did wrong, down to the number of pages of the letter.
Kaduna Prison Authorities Confirm Death Of Four Inmates In Jailbreak Attempt |Sahara Reporters Inmates at the correctional centre had on Tuesday staged a protest, which turned into a riot over fears that they could contract Coronavirus #COVID19...READ  
NEW: Dr. Anthony Fauci reiterates how social distancing is our "most important tool" to end the coronavirus pandemic while assuring the American people that "what we are doing is making a difference."  
The coronavirus is already putting an incredible strain on our emergency personnel. We shouldn’t burden them more by auctioning off the  spectrum they use for emergencies. We’re calling for any future coronavirus response legislation to save the T-band. 
New Jersey has now lost nearly 100 more lives to the coronavirus pandemic than it did to the September 11 attacks, Gov. Phil Murphy says. 
Queen: "Those  after us will say that the Britons of this generation were as strong as any. " #coronavirus  …
The way the media is reporting deaths "from #coronavirus" would all fail the test for "proximate cause" in law school.
Trump just praised The Federalist's coronavirus press conference. The Federalist has been a hotbed of coronavirus conspiracy theories, advising people to deliberately get infected with the virus.  …
Abba Kyari is fast recovering from Coronavirus. His first test has shown negative. One more negative result then discharged. Alhamdullahi
Chefs Cooks Givers Carers Nurses Drivers Parents Sharers Helpers Grocers Farmers Truckers Cleaners Teachers Scientists Engineers Deliverers Volunteers Mechanics Journalists Firefighters Neighbours Paramedics The spirit of this land. We see you, America. #Coronavirus #COVID19
My grandpa passed away today from  He was a good and kind man. Here is a funny exchange we had earlier this year. Make sure to tell your loved ones how much they mean to you.  …
DC Mayor threatens to fine, jail (up to 3 months!) those who violate her #coronavirus stay at home orders.   …
More evidence deaths from something other than #coronavirus are being attributed to the virus. The actual "excess deaths" (medical term for deaths caused by a disease that would not have occurred but for the disease) will likely be much lower than models forecast.  …
#COVID19 deaths in the US continue to ACCELERATE with daily new death now exceeding #Italy. No signs of slowing. As I've warned, #coronavirus deaths will continue to skyrocket, until at least ~2-3 weeks AFTER we #FlattenTheCurve of new cases. The next 4-6 weeks will be  …
I found this to be a pretty credible narrative & research on the true origin of the #Coronavirus: 
Prosecutors I've met on Twitter have been calling for a #TrumpCrimesCommission since 2017. @RepAdamSchiff and @SpeakerPelosi need to bring back the Independent Counsel statute so they can use prosecutorial powers with the Coronavirus Commission. Cc: @rossi4va @glennkirschner2
EXCLUSIVE: Jacob Rees Mogg's firm set to make fortune from the coronavirus crisis  
Coronavirus or not , I’m still going to get every blessing that God has with my name on it in 2020 .
COUP UPDATE: Schiff goes to court to cover up his spying records on @RealDonaldTrump while trying to set up another witch hunt, this time on #coronavirus.  …
I think that sounds like a great idea @RealCandaceO All of a sudden we don’t hear about any other causes of death except the coronavirus?? That’s a great point ONLY get all deaths from the State Health Depts not medical examiners they will lie.
Novelist Arundhati Roy: How coronavirus threatens India — and what the country, and the world, should do next  
The Queen will speak of her pride in how the nation has responded to the coronavirus crisis when she gives her televised address on Sunday evening, writes Royal Editor @chrisshipitv  
"The importance of viral dose is being overlooked in discussions of the coronavirus. As with any other poison, viruses are usually more dangerous in larger amounts." Essential that PPE reaches our #NHS frontlines before #COVID2019 kills any more.  …
I am willing to swim through coronavirus lava to vote Gentleman Trump out. Enough is enough.
If you are a New Yorker, had #coronavirus and recovered, think about helping Mount Sinai and get tested for antibodies to donate plasma for more seriously ill patients in hospital 3/  …
The UK overtook Italy today for daily coronavirus fatalities. That in theory could be very good news for the UK. If they contain to maintain a lockdown then we could eventually flatten the curve. UK is 2 weeks behind Italy which means some evidence of flattening will emerge soon
#BREAKING: Trump on coronavirus fallout: "There will be a lot of death"  
BREAKING— . @NECorrections confirms that a worker at the State Pen has tested positive for #coronavirus First one in states crowded prison system. Sure to raise more concerns. See my story @OWHnews
Stark warning from Brazil's health ministry: current capacity to test coronavirus only 15-20% of what will be required at peak. ⁦  …
Washington gun shops defy coronavirus orders, stay open without 'essential' designation | Fox News  …
White House coronavirus coordinator referred to patients as “clients  to the hospital”
Rallying words of our constant #Queen bring a touch of wartime resolve in the UK's hours of need #coronavirus  …
We may never know why Trump let the coronavirus happen. It's probably  of reasons. - he ignored the red flags - he was asleep at the switch - gross  - he's too ignorant & insecure to listen to experts - he's a sociopath - he's a idiot - China duped him  …
Continuing the caravan raiding tradition of a certain prophet, Turkey seizes hundreds of ventilators paid for by three coronavirus infected regions in Spain. The Spanish authorities have given up hope of getting the supplies they paid for.  …
The Navy is no longer publicly disclosing the number of coronavirus infections at any individual facility, including the Bremerton shipyard. The Navy says the policy change is aimed at protecting national security. 
From a DM: "I am a nurse in a hospital, and I am FURIOUS at what is happening in our country. What is being reported is NOT what’s happening. Our large hospital is so underwhelmed with patients, we are being put on call instead of working our scheduled shifts." #coronavirus
Hero Down: NYCDOC Corrections Officer Quinsey Simpson Dies From Coronavirus  Follow @bluelivesmtr #BlueLivesMatter #BackTheBlue #lawenforcement #law #covid19 #coronavirus
Outrageous. After fumbling our coronavirus response with unacceptable negligence and delays  …), Trump attacks governors for fighting to get ventilators to save lives in their states, claiming they're playing 
The first case of coronavirus appeared in Wuhan on 17 November 2019, and the number of patients continued to increase until 27 December...Yet China delayed for three more days in informing...the WHO. Also, Beijing did nothing to inform the Chinese people  …
NEW: Trump, GOP challenge efforts to make voting easier amid coronavirus pandemic by @eliseviebeck @amyegardner  …
#UPDATE Italy's prime minister imposed a crippling #coronavirus lockdown in a bid to save the health care system from collapse, called in retired doctors and spent millions to shore up emergency wards - and the efforts appear to be showing results  
trump: “There’s going to be a lot of death” in  weeks. Total deaths from Coronavirus: Over 64,000 people worldwide. Over 8,200 Americans. A month ago, he played golf after calling it a hoax.
THIS IS MADNESS! Patient relatives have done it again. 3 patients have tested positive for Coronavirus. 1 of them is dead. ALL of them  back from Europe and have exposed health workers to the virus. Right now, 25 doctors have now gone into isolation in UBTH Benin.
Businessman Strive Masiyiwa has donated 45 Ventilator Intensive Care Unit (ICU) suites to Zimbabwe in the wake of the coronavirus outbreak.  …
“Somebody ought to sue his ass off,” the president says about the whistleblower who filed  about his interactions with Ukraine. He was asked during today’s coronavirus briefing why he fired the inspector general who shared 
Interesting how his demeanor became way more serious when he went on that rant? It’s rather odd and unsettling that he was speaking more intently on that, than anything about coronavirus!
Pres. Trump says military personnel will be deployed to supplement states in novel coronavirus effort: "They're going into war, they're going into a battle that they've never really trained for—nobody's trained for this."  
BREAKING: The Queen, in an historic televised address, will say she hopes the coronavirus crisis will show that "Britons of this generation were as strong as any" as the country responds to the challenges it faces 
Dr. Anthony Fauci on coronavirus mitigation efforts: "Clearly it works...as sobering and as difficult as this is, what we are doing is making difference. So, we really need to continue to do that." (Thread) 
NEW: The new leader of the Labour Party, Sir Keir Starmer, has said the government has made "serious mistakes" in its handling of the Coronavirus.
The Queen will deliver a deeply personal message during an historic coronavirus speech to the nation tomorrow night at 8pm. Story  …
United States and U.K. are the real outliers on #coronavirus so far. In the former Fox News says the economy matters more than fatalities, while in Britain it’s much of the print media and BBC. 
Trump, during today’s coronavirus news briefing, says of the Ukraine whistleblower, “Somebody ought to sue his ass off.”
With 300,000 cases of coronavirus and 8,000 people dead, Trump is on national  about Democrats, the Ukraine whistleblower, and "fake news."
NEW: Dubai imposes two-week lockdown to fight coronavirus outbreak.
Yes please. Do it @realDonaldTrump President Trump is thinking about starting a second coronavirus task force that will reopen our country.
Coronavirus in the United States Cases: 306,750 Deaths: 8,347 Recoveries: 14,450
The US at over 300 0000 Coronavirus cases Africa has under 10k This is a war between America and China I’m telling you. We just got caught in the crossfire
This is literally one of the STUPIDEST things to do in the midst of the #CoronavirusPandemic. A packed stadium would be a literal Petri dish allowing rapid spread of this highly contagious and deadly #coronavirus. #PhysicalDistancing  …
Daily coronavirus death toll in France slows to 441  
"PRINCIPAL KAFELE, HOW DO YOU KNOW WHEN YOU HAVE CORONAVIRUS?" For the 11th consecutive day, I am quarantined in my bedroom, but with the weather being perfect in the NE today, I took it in for a few. Since disclosing my own battle with coronavirus last week, (see attachment) 
What does it seem like the President is more genuinely passionate about: fighting the Coronavirus or re-litigating his impeachment?
Jared Kushner’s family business--which he still has investments through--could benefit from a freeze on mortgage payments for some landlords in the coronavirus relief bill.  …
Marianne Faithfull hospitalized after testing positive for the coronavirus. “She is stable and responding to treatment,” says singer’s rep 
Since Chinese authorities disclosed the outbreak of a mysterious pneumonia-like illness, later revealed to be the coronavirus, to international health officials on New Year’s Eve, at least 430,000 people arrived in the U.S. on direct flights from China 
The coronavirus pandemic is revealing that capitalists aren't essential, workers are—and essential people have leverage. 
In this op-ed, FAIR's President, Dan Stein urges the Trump Administration to pull the plug on new guestworker programs given the huge increase in unemployment and ongoing risks presented by the coronavirus.  via @DailyCaller
Nice article on the #Sweden sanguine #Coronavirus approach I hope it works out for them - they deserve it for such calculated risk-taking in tough circumstances so far they are very similar in results to Denmark who have full lock-down - we'll see in time  …
Ambassador of EU to KSA Michele Cervone D'urso @MCervoneEU emphasized that #SaudiArabia has taken unprecedented measures in countering #coronavirus pandemic. 
A day after testing positive for Coronavirus, pregnant wife of AIIMS doctor delivers a healthy baby  …
Coronavirus: FG seeks NASS approval for N500bn intervention fund 
While zoos across the country are closed to the public because of the coronavirus, zookeepers are still working hard to take care of animals big and small. We'll have more from @KristenDahlgren tonight on 
Scientists need to start testing whether fake orange tan makeup kills the coronavirus. It's the only explanation why he's still standing there.
Notice the media wants to talk about the firing of a corrupt inspector general - during a coronavirus briefing - and not a a straight IG (Horowitz) just reporting the FBI lies to the FISC to obtain FISA warrants, including in the Russia probe. Because they are corrupt, too.
Cardinal Bo: "Through its inhumane and irresponsible handling of the coronavirus, the Chinese Communist Party has proven what many previously thought: that it's a threat to the world. [It] is responsible for the pandemic sweeping through our streets today"  …
Our standards for leaders have  so low that 191 deaths so far in Florida doesn’t seem like a whole lot for many. 191 is more than 6X the coronavirus death toll in Australia, which has 5 more million people than Florida. Australia tested 1 in 100; Florida tested 1 in 250.  …
President Trump’s pick to be the coronavirus inspector general won praise Saturday from some oversight experts, but Democrats slammed the president’s decision to elevate a member of his own staff to the key new role 
Reporter: Why not do everything possible to prevent #COVID2019 Trump: I want the Governors to do the job. They're doing a great job. Reporter: SC is having an upsurge in #coronavirus Trump: They have it under control. #StopAiringTrumpNow
He’s talking about the governors and their orders from a constitutional standpoint, as if there is a provision in the Constitution that the coronavirus will agree not to spread it 42 out of 50 governors agree on it
FBI Shuts Down FOIA-Using #CoronaVirus as Excuse. Following Law Considered "Non-Mission Critical"....  
President Trump asked about the idea of a Second Coronavirus Task Force to focus on the Economy.  …
“Just as the GFC did nothing to change conservatives’ minds, and neither has climate change, don’t expect the coronavirus to bring about a Damascene conversion in favour of government services and assistance.”  …
“We have a thing called the Constitution...which I cherish”... which is why I’ve pissed and shit all over it since I stole the presidency... #Trump #COVID2019 #coronavirus
Of course we can't stay locked down for much longer, but saying that over and over isn't a replacement for a plan on how to get back to normal while keeping people from getting infected by coronavirus.
"In what circle of hell, Jonathan, is that a good  @AmbassadorRice on President Trump and the estimated 240,000 deaths from coronavirus. 
From  : “If you have lupus, you’re at higher risk for infections like the coronavirus, also known as COVID-19.”
And now this, in @Newsweek, on Trump’s use of Venezuela as a smokescreen: “Trump Administration Used Venezuela Anti-Drug Operation to Distract from Coronavirus Crisis at Home, Officials Say”  …
Trump now says he never claimed the coronavirus would end in April. Here's Trump on Feb 10 saying the virus goes away in April "with the heat." Trump should be criminally charged for intentionally misleading the American public about the risk of the virus. 
Pres Trump, after backing off of easing guidelines on Easter, is now expressing that he is again eager to ease guidelines. He said, "We are going to be back to good health soon in my opinion. We are making a lot of progress." Note: We have not hit peak of coronavirus outbreak.
Cruise ship docks in Florida with two dead and 12 testing positive for coronavirus  …
Got this meme on Whatsapp today. So true. It is crazy to be releasing criminals from jail to avoid #Coronavirus, while threatening others with jail if they break the #Lockdown. Home Office has got some more thinking to 
Mexico has: —Toilet paper —COVID-19 tests —universal healthcare —60 coronavirus deaths Mexico does not have: —Donald Trump —Mitch McConnell —Jared Kushner —8,345 #coronavirus deaths Before this is over, Mexico may build their own wall.
Taiwan warned the World Health Organization in December the #coronavirus could be spread between people. The WHO hid that from the world because of China. Something to think about during quarantine.  
Boris Johnson's partner Carrie Symonds, who is pregnant with the couple's first child, says she has spent the past week in bed with symptoms of #coronavirus - but has not been tested 
Amir Khan blames 'man-made' coronavirus on building of '5G towers'  
New Jerseyans who lost their lives: 9/11 attacks: 704 people Coronavirus: 846 people
Just a little bit of good news to bring hope to everyone reading all the sad stories on twitter every day, my 92 year old grandfather has fully recovered from Coronavirus !!! We would never in a million years have imagined this  was possible 2 weeks ago
Virginia offering hotel rooms to homeless to curb spread of coronavirus  
Natalie Chou continues to blaze a trail in student-athlete activism! Check out this piece from @dallasnews detailing Nat's anti-racism efforts in the face of the coronavirus pandemic. #GoBruins |  …
In the midst of the difficult times we are going through, I want to impart a word of hope for what is ahead. The COVID-19 (or coronavirus) attack is a storm that is going to blow over soon. This is an attack against  moves of God and revival.
Family members of prisoners held in Sheiban Priosn of Ahvaz have been kept in the dark about the fate of their loved ones. Several prisoners were killed after protesting the authorities’ refusal to grant them temporary leave despite #coronavirus #COVID19  
Last autumn, long before coronavirus, the eurozone was already in deep trouble. Economic stagnation was exposing the widely held fallacy that the eurozone had safely left behind its existential crisis of the early 2010s:  …
The CBSA has been releasing dozens of "immigrants" - deemed a risk to Canadian citizens - from detention centers. #coronavirus  …
Dr Fauci stresses that "physical separation..is our most important tool" against the Coronavirus. Insists that the guideline for six feet of personal separation is "making a difference." Was heartened by sight of people waiting in line for take-out, standing 6 feet apart. 
Instagram culture is so fucked isn’t it. Making Coronavirus fashion lmaoooo my heads gone PEOPLE ARE DYING
We all have a duty to #stayathome and help slow the spread of the coronavirus in Arizona.  …
Hydroxychloroquine should be reserved for patients with lupus, rheumatoid arthritis, and other diseases where the drug has been proven to be effective. It shouldn’t be prescribed for the coronavirus based on doctors’ feelings, taking the supply away from those who really need it.
It appears that we have been misled about not wearing masks. The science strongly suggests that wearing masks can protect you from contracting the #coronavirus.  …
708 people have died today in the UK from Coronavirus. Including a 5year old child. If you need a good way to picture it: 708 people dying in 24 hours is the equivalent of 3 plane crashes in one day. Please, this virus is NOT a joke Stay alert. Stay safe. Stay home. I beg you.
San Antonio, Texas, officials report that 66 of 84 residents of a local nursing home are infected with the Coronavirus. 
Trump had a meltdown at the Saturday coronavirus briefing, and in between attacking the media and governors, pleaded for the economy to “reopen.”  … via @politicususa
Portugal's coronavirus cases grow, half a million workers at risk of lay off  
I keep seeing *Early estimates say that 60% of jobs lost due to coronavirus are women* scroll by on CNN... Why don’t I see a scroll that says *61-73% of LIVES lost due to coronavirus are men*?
Two pronged attack, 5G and Coronavirus. Don’t sleep with your clothes on tonight. I understand tonight is the official night for the viral deployment of 5G into human bodies. It will burn you if you sleep with your clothes but your body can repel it if you sleep naked.
If scientists/officials are able to estimate how many people would die in worst case coronavirus scenarios... they're ALSO able to estimate how many people have it and DON'T SHOW SYMPTOMS which would put the mortality rate into a much different perspective.
& that’s a sad case. before this Coronavirus bs my 7 year old has honor roll for First, second and third quarter. He helps clean, he holds bags bc he doesn’t think I should. He opens doors for me/everyone else. Says please & thank you. Most polite, sweetest kid I kno.  
Coronavirus Shelter-In-Place update: Just Googled “how to play ukulele video.” Please send the police.
Intensive care specialist Professor Hugh Montgomery explains why this coronavirus is different from the ordinary flu. 
America's largest  is in Florida. And the dangers it faces from coronavirus are stacking up. New w/  …
CORONAVIRUS: A delicate remote control operation to remove a tracking collar from a tiger on an epic 13-month trek through India is carried out to avoid the device choking the animal. (AFP) 
@Rajput_Ramesh is serving people of Mumbai at the time Coronavirus Kudos 
Photos: See inside the Convention Center coronavirus medical facility and U.S. Navy housing units  
Celebrities who are "fanning the flames" of conspiracy theories linking the deployment of 5G masts to the #coronavirus outbreak are endangering public health, a leading scientist has warned 
REPORT: Child Rapist in Massachusetts RELEASED FROM PRISON to “Keep Him Safe From the Coronavirus.” RT- THESE THINGS CANNOT BE HAPPENING, THEY CAN NOT BE PUT BACK ON THE STREETS...  …
The U.S. “will likely go down as the country that was supposedly best prepared to fight a pandemic but ended up catastrophically overmatched by the...coronavirus, sustaining heavier casualties than any other nation. It did not have to happen this way.”  …
MSNBC cuts away from today's coronavirus task force briefing, so America can hear from Nicolle Wallace. 
F L A S H: B E N U E S T A T E: The poor state of health facilities in Benue State has led to the evacuation of index case (Susan Okpe) to Abuja. The Federal Government has asked to take over the treatment of Benue State’s first and only CORONAVIRUS patient, Susan Okpe. 
Trump visited India just before the CoronaVirus panic in the US began. I believe this may have been one of the reasons...  …
Fox News is sued for 'willfully and maliciously deceiving the public' about the dangers of the coronavirus 
I just read the news item on the proposed N500bn Coronavirus Intervention Fund. No details. These ones just want to mop up and borrow N500bn in the name of Coronavirus Everyday na bazaar regime
Scientists slam stars for sharing theory blaming 5G for coronavirus Whats this about... think we need reassurance on 5G, though I’m not sure who I’d believe. Why is it being rolled out in the lockdown ⁦ @BorisJohnson⁩ 
Cuomo announces record 10,841 jump for new coronavirus cases in one day  
Car horns echoed throughout Wuhan, China, as people across China held a three-minute memorial for the thousands of victims of the novel coronavirus pandemic.  
D.C. set up public hand-washing stations during the coronavirus outbreak. Here's a map 
Good Gates! Every billionaire in the country should be spending a ton of money right now to help the fight against coronavirus in some way.  …
Pres Trump again says coronavirus outbreak will end "soon" though he has also said it could last through June, August or even longer. Trump says today: "We will concur this disease and restore our nation...We are going to make sure it is over soon...It's not going to be long."
Bill Gates-Funded IHME Coronavirus Model Wrong Again - 12,000 ICU Beds Projected For New York Today, Only 4,100 Used  …
FG seeks NASS approval of N500bn for Coronavirus. E be like say Corolooting just wan start
#TrumpPressBriefing Donald Trump: "One of the benefits of the coronavirus is that family members are getting to know each other." You can't make this stuff up. 
Bill Gates-Funded IHME Coronavirus Model Wrong Again - 12,000 ICU Beds Projected For New York Today, Only 4,100 Used @CristinaLaila1  … via @gatewaypundit
This is John's story John spread all sorts of rumors about #COVID19 John ignored what health officials were saying John didn't #StayAtHome and put himself & others around him in danger Now John is infected with the #coronavirus Don't be like John Be smart. Be safe. Be kind.
Didn't Joe Biden call President Trump racist when he banned flights from China before Coronavirus was not known to 75% of American citizens
Coronavirus pandemic in the US: 1 to 150,000 cases: 10 weeks 150,000 to 300,000 cases: 5 days
Crazy how bad the USA’s coronavirus numbers  to everywhere else. It’s almost as if the president is a huge anti-science moron who has no idea what he’s doing.
Trump administration has brought back 40,000 Americans who were stuck overseas. 400 flights, 75 countries. Thank you, @realDonaldTrump. I had a real honor working with some of those stuck in Peru and our government. #COVID19 #Coronavirus
U.S. President Donald Trump says 29 million doses of anti-malarial drugs will be put in strategic national stockpile for coronavirus patients
NEW: The total number of coronavirus cases in the U.S. has risen to more than 300,000, with the death toll surpassing 8,000.  …
Social distancing measures in the UK could be relaxed within weeks if there are signs the #coronavirus epidemic is slowing, according to a leading scientist and government adviser 
Official Chinese statistics put Wuhan’s #coronavirus death toll at 2,563.  out of the city suggests it was actually more than 40,000.  …
I read the coronavirus book. It had pages. It was a virus that did things. People did things. It was bad. This is my book report.  …
"Now we have to open. We have to open our country," reiterates @POTUS amid the #coronavirus pandemic. 
#LIVE: Pres. @realDonaldTrump giving updates on the coronavirus pandemic. Make sure to tune in to @OANN for full ,uninterrupted coverage of the press 
Who is listening to this nonsense? He sounds as though he’s absolutely hammered. He’s slurring his words in a profound fashion. This is the man we’re counting on to lead us out of the coronavirus pandemic??!!!! We are so fcked. #TrumpOwnsEveryDeath #COVIDIOT
NEW: Sat 4 April update of coronavirus trajectories Daily new deaths: • US about to go clear of Spain for most daily deaths of any country in the world • UK on steeper trajectory than Italy, which was seen as hardest-hit country worldwide Live charts:  
#BREAKING: President Trump on coronavirus pandemic: "This will be probably the toughest week, between this week and next week. There'll be a lot of death, unfortunately, but a lot less death than if this wasn't done but there will be death." (Thread)
Coronavirus infects more crew on USS Theodore Roosevelt after captain fired for sounding alarm  
Coronavirus: Parks busy despite lockdown as many head out to enjoy the sun  …
President Trump announces the US is adding 29 million hydroxychloroquine doses to the the Strategic National Stockpile. #coronavirus
Couldn't they find anyone ELSE to read this coronavirus update who DOESN'T sound like a disinterested, out-of-breath 3rd grader reading his last-minute book report?
Watch Israel thugs masquerading as an "army", assaulted & kidnapped Palestinian Yazan Siam at a gas station,for no reason Oh, other than it gave them a farcical "reason" to loot 1500 shekels from him, then thieve his vehicle #Group4Palestine #Coronavirus 
The co-founder of a huge private equity firm sent an email this week to Jared Kushner and other Trump admin. policymakers seeking to relax rules on coronavirus relief money in a way that would benefit  sources familiar with the matter say. 
Unhinged Trump coronavirus briefing: 'There will be death,' snipes at governors and blames states for hoarding ventilators and face masks, says 1,000 military personnel are going to NY, slurs noticeably.  …
The Media Owe Republican Senator Tom Cotton an Apology He never said China intentionally released the coronavirus, and his suggestion that the disease originated in a Wuhan laboratory looks increasingly plausible.  …
First post for the Day #COVIDfutureMan Predicted 5738 Current 5552 #FlattenTheCurve #CoronaVirus #Australia #Covid #Covid19 #Auspol #CoronaVirusAus #COVID19au #CoronavirusOutbreak @COVID_Australia for 
Please use CAUTION with DIY #masks. Simple cloth is NOT very effective. And people not used to wearing a #mask risk touching their face MORE, increasing the risk of being infected. #coronavirus #COVID19  …
Trump: (re: #hydroxycholorquine ) TRUMP JUST SAID PATIENTS WITH LUPUS ARE NOT "CATCHING" #Coronavirus Alleges there is a study. This is IRRESPONSIBLE. #StopAiringTrumpNow
Thread: On Weds @MariaGrachvogel appeared on #BBCNews Channel to say designers, pattern cutters, manufacturers, machinists were all able to help in the NHS in the coronavirus effort 1/
Donald Trump just announced that people with lupus aren't catching coronavirus. Then he admitted that "maybe it's false." What the fuck kind of President of the United States is this guy supposed to be?
I will not wear a mask either Trump says he won't wear face mask for coronavirus  …
NEW: @realDonaldTrump in #coronavirus press briefing: Hydroxychloroquine is going to be distributed from strategic national stockpile. We have 29 million doses already. Visit  and  #WarRoomPandemic #30DaysToSaveAmerica #CCPVirus
Dr. Chris Firlit, a 37 year old PGY6 oral-maxillofacial surgery resident in Detroit, died last night. He was 3 months away from graduating. He had a wife and 3 children. May his memory be a blessing. #covid19 #coronavirus #doctor #healthcare #hero #healthcareheroes #omfs
@realDonaldTrump says he spoke to India PM @narendramodi about sending hydroxychloroquine shipments to U.S. Touts effectiveness of antimalarial drug in #coronavirus patients
This is the note left by my local post office in Mill Lane. feel for the guys. This is the reality of Coronavirus and how it hits small businesses like them. Hope to see them re-open at some point. 
NEW: Trump just announced that 1,000 military personnel are being deployed to NYC, apparently to help with the #coronavirus pandemic.
Five things you NEED TO KNOW about the federal coronavirus (CARES) act 
Trump on the coronavirus: "If you were fighting a normal fight, you'd know what's happening. Here, they hit one, they hit another, they hit another state. They hit areas that you didn't expect. But we're watching it and we're capturing it." 
During the coronavirus pandemic, the Food Law and Policy Clinic at @Harvard_Law is working to ensure those in need have enough to 
Nationalists: "If only a big event  along that would give us a chance to discredit neoliberalism and globalism and get people to support nationalism and statism." Coronavirus: Happens. Nationalists: Pretend it's not real, alienate normal people,  libertarians.
Trump says 1,000 military personnel are deploying to New York City to fight coronavirus 
A group in Washington state is the first to sue Fox News for calling the #Coronavirus a “hoax”. The lawsuit claims certain hosts of the network spread false information in February and March that led to viewers failing to adequately protect themselves, and in some cases, dying.  …
'Bad leaders believe people work for them. Good leaders believe people work with them. Great leaders believe they work for people. Especially in crisis, we depend on servant leaders to put others first.' — @AdamMGrant #servantleadership #Culture #Leadership #coronavirus 
Do You Think the Coronavirus Outbreak and the Resulting Home Confinement Will Bring About Another Baby Boom?
6-Year-Old with Cystic Fybrosis Beats Coronavirus  …
Bill Gates & co have been working on the #vaccine for years. The coronavirus is just a strategy to get ppl to willingly take that rubbish.
Pres announces deployment of 1000 military personnel to NY to assist in dealing with Coronavirus crisis.
Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer, a Trump target, leaps into prominence during coronavirus crisis  …
Coronavirus is not Trump’s fault. That it got here is not his fault. But that he ignored intelligence briefings for way too long, and that it has gotten to this point, is definitely his fault. His ignorance and arrogance is costing lives and livelihoods.
BREAKING: House Democrats formally introduce bill giving coronavirus aid to illegals  …
JUST IN: The US will deploy thousands of soldiers to help in coronavirus response
CORONAVIRUS: The Colombian National Police led residents in stretching and dance exercises Saturday as a way to keep people's spirits up while they remained inside, during the mandatory coronavirus lockdown. Colombia has reported 1,267 COVID-19 infections and 25 deaths. (AP) 
Since @realDonaldTrump just issued a moratorium on fake news, I guess the daily Coronavirus Task Force briefings will be canceled going forward. #COVID19 #TrumpPressBriefing
“The only semblance of control I have in my life right now is staying in my home. So we just need to adjust. We need to close the blinds.” What it’s like to live across the street from a temporary morgue during the coronavirus outbreak  
"There you go, Little Shits!" #Corona #coronavirus #AntMan #Marvel #MarvelStudios 
I must speak out today and offer evidence that there are some who, apparently, cannot be taken seriously in these times. #AOC #COVID19 #coronavirus  …
"I just didn't take it serious. I just thought it was something media  up with to distract us from something," Clint Johnson said. However, Johnson's perspective changed when got the coronavirus himself.
Trump: “We have to open our country again...” Coronavirus: 
We are in a crazy fix. We have the Coronavirus attacking people in the million. We are racing towards a vaccine and then we have an unprecedented wave of misinformation already preparing millions to reject the vaccines. Do you understand what this is? This is a tragic dilemma.
This Brooklyn Landlord Just Canceled Rent for Hundreds of Tenants During Coronavirus Pandemic  …
Ghost Town NYC – Will the U.S. Constitution Be the Ultimate Casualty of Coronavirus Covid19 Pandemic  …
WATCH: Pelosi Gets Testy as She Struggles to Explain Why She Ignored Coronavirus in Favor of Sham Impeachment 
In pictures: social distancing around the world  #COVID19 #coronavirus 
Walmart is praising its hourly employees for keeping stores running during this coronavirus pandemic by giving them a cash bonus.  …
#Yukon First Nations are calling for a halt to mining operations in light of the coronavirus pandemic. “Economic imperatives cannot be placed above the health and safety of our people.”  …
#CoronavirusOutbreak | @iamsrk offers his four-storey office as quarantine facility for coronavirus patients  …
New York City landlord waives April rent for 200 tenants amid coronavirus pandemic, saying "I want everybody to be healthy. That's the whole thing."  …
Mumbai: Dharavi man who died of Coronavirus hosted 10 Tablighi Jamaat members  …
#Ivermectin is an inhibitor of the #COVID19 #coronavirus #SARSCoV2 in vitro. A single treatment is able to effect ∼5000-fold reduction at 48h in #cellculture. Ivermectin warrants further investigation #clinicaltrials for possible benefits in humans.  
Algeria to speed up customs procedures for food, health equipment over coronavirus  
Here's when the coronavirus will peak in your state  
The Irony Is Unbelievable !!!China gives the World the Coronavirus, Chinese Virus, Rona, whatever you want to call it that’s killing people around the World and The UN puts them on the ‘Human Rights Panel’. Go Figure #KAG #UN #KAG2020  …
Speaking of fake news, I just read about a station whose owners are stocking up on lawyers for coronavirus lawsuits. #FoxNewsLiedAsPeopleDied
A 5-year-old girl and a 13-year-old boy die from the coronavirus but you still want to go hang out in the park? You my friend are a cunt and so are any of your friends and family who don't call you out for being such.
u.s. government re: coronavirus 
The way Germany has tackled the coronavirus epidemic contributes to its low death rate -- and so do some statistical illusions 
It’s Hardly Shocking the Navy Fired a Commander for Warning of Coronavirus Threat. It’s Part of a Pattern.  … #wtpTEAM #OneVoice1
Are you someone who thought one thing about coronavirus early on but think differently now? And if so - what led you to update your mental model?
I’m making my own hand sanitizers and masks fr fr too risky to even go to the market to buy it #coronavirus 
Ivermectin, the stuff I use on my cattle, killed Coronavirus in a lab.  …
Can we all wish #carriesymonds & baby a very speedy & safe recovery after being Diagnosed With #Covid19 #coronavirus Hope she get's well soon and dearly hope the baby is going to be ok. @BorisJohnson We're with  …
Deleted my original tweet since "Dr. Drew" is trying to use baseless copyright claims to quash criticism but here's the video from the OP: The blatant misinformation and outright lies peddled by @drdrew at the onset of the coronavirus outbreak should alarm everyone  
LIVE: Pres. Trump and the coronavirus task force deliver daily press briefing: Tune into @OANN for full  …
Video: Trump TORCHES "certain media outlets" for "spreading false rumors and creating fear and even panic" during this coronavirus pandemic (worsening an already dire situation). He added that such behavior is "so bad for our country" and "so bad for the world" 
I like Pastor Chris Oyakhilome but this doesn’t look good on him. He needs to fire everyone in his research team. I am embarrassed, just watching this. A whole presentation for this misinformation? The Coronavirus na Wahala mehn.  …
'Swab and go': #Pakistan's first coronavirus drive-thru testing facility opens in Karachi See more photos:  
Sports media speculating that they know more than those directly involved with the government Coronavirus Task Force is fascinating. Even more is these same individuals not understanding what the definition of “hoping” is and instead trying to spin it as a guarantee. #jackassery
Trump admits that he is not leading on the coronavirus, but playing "backup." 
Today the UK recorded more deaths from coronavirus than Italy. I can’t help feeling that part of the reason why two weeks of hindsight were squandered is this attitude: 
President Trump updates America again to let us know what’s being done to help stop this Coronavirus! Supplies are transported to needy areas, troops will be sent to help with shortages in nurses & doctors. He has built several hospital beds.  …
President Trump: "We're the greatest back-up that ever existed for the states." #coronavirus
"Tim Gets Hate Mail"  @YouTube cc @peacockalleytv @Carrie_Mudd @DrJenGunter A bit surprised how much anger my debunking of #coronavirus misinformation has already generated. As this short vid highlights, anger  theme. (And this is the mild stuff.)
Massachusetts governor launches first-in-the-nation coronavirus tracking program  
By Saturday, nearly 150 of the nearly 5,000 crew members on the U.S.S. Theodore Roosevelt had tested positive for the coronavirus, the Washington Post reports.  …
Poor and  are bearing the brunt of the coronavirus pain - Axios  …
And this is from the governor of the state that has (thus far) done the best proactive preventive job against Coronavirus  …
Just a month ago, the Liverpool Echo - the Dippers favourite  - trumpeting the Scouser’s riches and transfer treasure trove. God knows where it’s all gone in such a short time as @LFC snatch payments off the Coronavirus Job Retention Scheme. #AshamedOfNothing 
Trump doesn't last 4 minutes in his coronavirus briefing before he goes on a rant about the media and "fake news," because he is mad about a Washington Post story about the chaos and failure in his coronavirus response. 
Dubai Tightens Measures Amid Coronavirus Outbreak  
One has to ask whether Fox News should face legal liabilities for providing platform of repeated and concerted distribution of conspiracies and lies on #COVID19 which may have contributed to increased numbers of death/devastation from #coronavirus 
This is a very fascinating article, the first of many when the makers of the coronavirus are uncovered.Its hard to want to believe there's so much evil in this world. We will never have life the same in our world.I don't feel its for a better world!Pray  …
LIAR LAIRS: This is brilliant and a summary of the govt's #coronavirus lies is a must-read. I doubt Laura at the BBC will be covering this one, as she is the #Tories most preferred journalist. Please share widely. #CoronavirusPandemic  …
We all have a role to play to ensure we halt the spread of coronavirus. We must rise to it. 
Pres begins press briefing warning that US faces toughest week yet in the Coronavirus pandemic. "There will be a lot of death," he said. Calls this "a horrible situation," but says "we want as few lives lost as possible." 
Trump in his opening remarks at coronavirus briefing: "You look at the approval ratings and they're the lowest they've ever been -- for media... Ought to get it together for a while until this is over and then go back to your fake news."
BREAKING: Wingo tests positive for Coronavirus 
In March, Hobby Lobby's CEO said God sent his wife a message to stay open despite the coronavirus crisis. Today he suspended emergency leave pay, paid time off and vacation benefits and told workers to apply for federal and state unemployment support.  …
The message accused Tablighis of gathering 2,500 Covid-positive Muslims and sending them across the country. It warned people from purchasing vegetables or fruits from the minorites “as they are carrying out jihad of spreading coronavirus” and to spread it  …
Yeah, Newsom has done such a good job of addressing coronavirus here. Watching how much California's early interventions seem to be paying off in flattening the curve, I'd say that if the NYT were based on the west coast, he'd be celebrated a helluva lot more than Cuomo.
Nigeria plans to set up a $1.2 billion coronavirus intervention fund after  the first country in sub-Saharan Africa to report infections 
Coronavirus patients were mistakenly admitted to the hospital ship Comfort, the U.S. Navy said. The ship, which docked in Manhattan this week, was intended to treat non-virus patients in order to relieve crowded hospitals onshore.  
If you have these symptoms… Cough | Fever | Shortness of Breath …you should #SelfIsolate & use the free #COVID19 testing self-assessment tool at  or call 832-393-4220 to be screened. #CoronaVirus #FlattenTheCurve 
He has blood on his hands... 'Trump Knew About The Coronavirus For 70 Days And Did Nothing'  … via @politicususa
I mean… anyone who thinks 5G causes coronavirus should probably unfollow me
Alot of people who died from #coronavirus were very Obese Not Fat , but Obese WHICH COMES WITH HEALTH ISSUES AND THATS WHEN #Coronavirus will get U  …
"There will be a lot of death." -- President Trump on the next 1-2 weeks. #coronavirus
Iranian MP Mahmoud Sadeghi: The coronavirus spread in Iran began in early to mid January & some say even prior to that.  Reminder: Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has constantly claims the regime learned about COVID-19 only around February 19. 
Steve Schmidt bluntly states that tens and tens of thousands of Americans are going to die because of Trump's  coronavirus response. 
#MasksSaveLives Stunning capture at 2000 frames per second by an MIT scientist shows that a human sneeze can travel upto 26 feet. Each sneeze contains 40,000 droplets and millions of virus particles. #COVID19 #coronavirus 
During these difficult times, we encourage you to reach out to your parish priest and let him know that you're supporting him. Thank him for his continued ministry to our church! #coronavirus 
Steve Schmidt bluntly states that tens and tens of thousands of Americans are going to die because of Trump's  coronavirus response. 
Lifting lockdowns would limit the economic damage caused by the coronavirus pandemic, but could cost 1m more lives in America alone 
This is how #CoronaVirus spreads. Excellent Animation on #COVID19Pandemic 
A Michigan man shot himself in the leg with a gun his wife said he bought “because he thought he might need it if there is chaos because of the coronavirus.” He was charged with being a felon in possession of a firearm and reckless discharge of a weapon. 
"The Wuhan Institute of Virology in China indeed posted a job opening on November 18, 2019, 'asking for scientists  research the relationship between the coronavirus and bats.'”  …
WHAT IN THE WORLD Literally setting criminals free because... coronavirus Arrest a man out paddle boarding all by himself for not staying home because... coronavirus A patrol boat chases down a paddleboarder at the Malibu Pier!  …
Live now! Watch members of the Coronavirus Task Force hold a press briefing.  …
Daily Kos Founder Appears to Jump For Glee Over Americans Infected with the Wuhan Coronavirus WTF! That's clearly despicable! What is wrong with some people?  …
BREAKING: Dr. Fauci is at the coronavirus press conference!
Italians are rising up against globalism and demanding the country leave the European Union and  a sovereign nation again due to the EU’s disastrous response to the coronavirus pandemic.  …
HAPPENING NOW: Pres. Trump and White House coronavirus task force give updates on COVID-19.  …
I think a disconnect over whether it’s the “right time” to be addressing climate change in the coronavirus relief bills is: nearly everything we invest in from now on has to consider how to reduce GHG emissions & reduce the impact of climate change on people & systems. It’s time.
Why is Germany's coronavirus death rate so low, at 1.4%? A: The gov't is testing 350k citizens a week, and charging nothing, so asymptomatic carriers get tests and quarantine selves. They also ventilate early, increasing survival rates, @kbennhold  …
Marcus Rashford raises £20m to provide food for schoolkids affected by coronavirus  …
Long-time NBA scout Maury Hanks has had one hell of a last couple weeks. Spent a week on a ventilator fighting the Coronavirus. Now he’s headed home.  
LIVE: Press Briefing with Coronavirus Task Force  …
#Coronavirus live updates: Global deaths pass 60,000. 
NEW: Number of confirmed coronavirus cases in the U.S. has reached 300,000.
Joe Giudice  around on coronavirus in Italy 
#CoronaVirus #Covid #Fauci #Response #Trump President Trump Acted Early Despite “Hero” Dr. Fauci Proclaiming in January 21: ‘This is Not a Major Threat for the People of the United  …
China’s stats on #COVIDー19 are based on misinformation. It’s clearer than ever the Chinese Communist Party is concealing the numbers and data behind the nature of the #coronavirus. How many more deaths will occur because of China’s deception?  …
Sketch- The coronavirus president 
For many Chinese Americans, the coronavirus outbreak in the U.S. feels eerily familiar in a deeply personal way, writes 
The *real* reason Japan has fewer coronavirus cases 
Why is nobody thinking about the mental health impact of lockdown and the coronavirus? The mental toll it will take on our key workers. The lack of social interaction and physical touch, the loss of routine, the loss of  We, as a society, are facing a second pandemic.
